The mouse who became a
	SUPERMODEL







	JOHN LEET





For Kate,
because

	Chapter 1

This is the story of a mouse. Not an ordinary mouse by any definition, but not a particularly pretty mouse either. She was one given a rare genetic trait the other animals called 'interesting'. This mouse never felt beautiful, no male could lie to those interesting features and call them lovely or pretty or beautiful or any of those romantic words, nor could another animouse find any reason to be jealous of her. At first glance quite ordinary, but at second and third glance this creature climbed into the mind and nested there.
In five days she would kill herself.

*

Late.
"I have to get to work." Amanda Bailley stood next to the bed and shook a furry leg poking out from under the ratty old duvet.
Amanda's mate, Jason, snored somewhere under the rumpled covers. A bantamweight bout of unexpected afternoon sex, and now she was late. Her evening shift started in twenty minutes, but he didn't wake up.
Cannotbelateagain cannotbelateagain. 
She rushed to the bathroom and pulled off her underwear, waited impatiently for the shower to run hot. She pulled off her elastic headband, pinching out her unwashed fur, and let her messy strands fall down to her narrow, bony shoulders. 
She cupped her breasts. Grow, dammit! But they refused to listen.
The plumbing creaked in protest as the shower water ran brown, an avant garde décor theme prevalent in this part of town – the wrong side of the tracks. She leaned her head against the wall and smacked herself a few times in the face.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Her clothes lay scattered on the bathroom floor, hastily ripped off earlier by her drunk mate while she had been getting ready for work. His snores wafted out from underneath the covers in the next room. Drunken snores, soon to be headachey, hangover snores. The condom, still sealed in foil, lay next to him on the side table.
It had been a wild morning of mutual abuse, verbal at first and then escalating to a rampant, turbulent lovemaking in his dirty bed. His sweater still lay tangled in hers, entwined in their own lovers' game on the dirty floor; the scent of his unwashed shirt would now have impregnated her cotton underwear and she would have to smell his sweaty, musky scent on her all evening. She pulled on her skirt and his Black Death shirt, 4 sizes too big for her and his favourite band, and ran for the door.

Waitressing. 
The customer paused his detailed critique of her service, perhaps hosting in his head a private Michelin rating system to compare all waitresses throughout the animal kingdom. Amanda stood at attention, not knowing where to put her paws. She took in his words, in the way that distracted girls do when a male is explaining something, but the details didn't register.
She wasn't tall, everyone called her 'little mouse', but her thin frame towered over his bald, fat head as it bobbed up and down while he chewed and talked at the same time.
Her blonde fur (Strawberry Blonde #54, £16.99) had come undone from the fur-band in places and fell untidily around her neck. The heat in the small and overcrowded restaurant intensified her suddenly rosy complexion.
"Rare." His mouth scattered bits of garbage onto his bib. "It's not fucking complicated. I asked for it rare." The customer, the bald pig, sunglasses planted on the top of his head, plaid shirt untucked under the table, grabbed her paw and pressed into the fleshy part between her thumb and forefinger. "Like that, got it, sweetheart?" His grip lingered.
Amanda pulled her paw out from his sweaty grip and grabbed the plate from the table, sending the medium steak and potato salad with beetroot in a light vinaigrette (£9.99) toppling onto the fat pig's lap. She tried to verbalise an apology but her mind became paralysed in that moment. 
"You... stupid... cow!" From another table a small herd of cows looked in her direction, their dense eyebrows on fire with milky judgement.
This is going to get bad, Amanda thought.
Bald, fat, pig, socio-path at your service, face turning a shade of beetroot with a light vinaigrette.
"You stupid, skinny little rodent!" He oinked. He obviously needed to describe her lack of features loudly in case the pedestrians outside were hard of hearing. Amanda did the only thing she could think of – she ran for the safety of the hot kitchen. Behind her the customer's wife, Mrs F. Pig, a porcine so covered in make-up and filled with Botox she would crack if she smiled, asked, "What on Earth is wrong with her lips?" Irony, thy name is Revlon.
Their chubby child sat with his spoon of mashed potatoes touching his mouth, a little piglet who would grow up to be the CEO of a pharmaceutical company that sold attention deficit drugs to little children. He squealed with delight, "She's got funny ears. Dad, did you see her ears?"
At the back of the kitchen Amanda found her happy place, relatively speaking, a corner with a few boxes and a mop and a chair, the only chair available to staff of the militaristic concentration camp known as The Restaurant that demanded she be on her feet for ten hours at a time.
Me and you, Mr. Mop, we are the vagrant twins, soul-mates even, she thought, and we both clean up after pigs. Her paws shook as she dialled her mate's number, baby tears running down the sides of her phone. Three months work for that phone. Samsung Galaxy Zero (£470), cash. No contracts for me, Mr. Manatee, I am off the grid. 
"Please come and get me," she sobbed, hoping he would wake up soon. Three months work for that mate, James Jason Jones, stupid name, value unknown.
Save me, Jay, and while you're at it pretend I don't need saving, good pup.

###

The block of flats where Amanda grew up had not changed in a hundred years. It was so old and decrepit that the property agent advertised the crumbling paint as a feature. The concrete corridors smelled of loud and obnoxious party animals, a few broken burglar bars remained unrepaired – it was cheaper to just let the raccoons get away with the food. A family of homeless rats had recently moved out, claiming the living conditions were too dirty and degrading. 
But the rent was cheap.
Amanda ran up the three flights of stairs to the tiny flat where she and her mom nested, and unlocked a maze of rusty locks. She found her mom sitting at the kitchen table, keeping a tumbler of whiskey and a magazine company. She breathed heavily as she read the words on the page. Mrs. Bailley was a large, mousy female, built for comfort, not speed, she would say.
"Did you get my fags and the pies?"
Hi mom, how was your day. "No, sorry."
"'Fuck sakes, child. How many times have I told you?" 
How did other mothers talk when their little pups got home? Amanda thought. 
Did you have a good day at work, my darling? 
No, mummy, I murdered a pig in cold blood and killed his plastic wife. 
Sorry, my baby, these things happen and tomorrow will be better. 
Thank you, mommy.
Amanda went to her room and hid behind the door, out of throwing range. Through the slit she yelled, "I quit my job!" This was a brave act – imminent war could ravage the quiet flatland for days. There could be casualties.
A moment's silence for the brave fallen.
The moment lingered as the leaves of her words flittered down, many months of struggle and arguments and hypocrisy on her side and her mother's side lay tangled in the twisted branches of their relationship.
"Are you stupid? Are you actually joking with me right now, Amanda Lorraine Bailley? You know we don't have money! And now we don't even have tea!"
"I know. I'm sorry. But I'm going to the modelling agency I told you about. I saw another ad saying that they're looking for models. I'll get work."
It was a sign. A magazine just happened to be under Jay's bed. Okay, a lame sports magazine nestled among the other magazines featuring splayed meat, but still, the Unicorn works in mysterious ways, right? When one door closes another opens, right? Anyway, guys were always telling her she could be a model, they were always trying to take her photograph.
"You, a model?" her mother snorted, "don't make me laugh. You couldn't get a modelling job, you're too short, for one, and your boobs are so small that if you were a feminist you'd have to burn two bras just to make a flame. Tiny." 
Amanda watched through the slit at her mom's paw gestures illustrating Amanda's unfortunate disability. Thank you, mother, always my rock, my pillar. My support.
"Where am I supposed to get my fags now?" Her mom was not going to let this go. "I can't ask Merris for more, she's already shitty with me. You make me mad you do. Did you apologise? Go back and beg them to take you back."
Wait, what? Her mother always assumed she was the problem. Okay, maybe sometimes Amanda ended up on the wrong side of town or maybe she went out too much, or failed too many stupid school assignments because she slacked off and was left behind a year, but she wanted the benefit of the doubt at least some of the time. Her mother always lectured everyone else on how to solve their problems and this had left her friendless, a tied old mouse with nothing to look forward to but a box of cancer sticks. Most days she sat in the kitchen watching soap operas and cooking shows, smoking her lungs out, dishing out advice. Other animal's problems were always so easy to solve.
Go back to the restaurant and beg, just like that? It wasn't that easy, there was no way Amanda could go back. Until she found another job she would be avoiding the landlord and dealing with the awkwardness of not paying bills for a while. The phone was cut off so he wasn't going to call anyway. No big deal. Not the first time.
Let me be the one to douse the flames then. "I'm sorry, mom, but they made me feel horrible. I just don't think I can carry on there."
"No, you don't think, that's your problem. You're fucking stupid, that's your problem. Maybe if you paid attention in school we wouldn't be in this mess."
Her mother's hard words had a ring of truth to them. She had quit school in her final year, 3 months before exams. There was no point to writing them anyway, she knew she wouldn't study, she knew she was going to fail school, not like the others who breezed through. School was hard, it was full of intelligent, sporty animals and they all seemed to know what to do and how life worked. But school was also torture – it was filled with bullies in bathrooms and animals with prospects and their eternal judgement.
They always spoke in highfalutin tones – "Whaht ah yoo doing next year, Phonetica, off to Hahvard like your fahther?"
"Nieu, I'm aaf to Oxfahd." And then they'd look at her with sad droopy eyes. "Whaht about yoo, Amahndipoo, will you be eauwkay?"
The worst part of it all was that they were right. While everyone had been studying she had dropped the thread of her studies and become distracted, lost in magazines and daydreams. Nothing made sense any more.
I am a lost mouse, Amanda thought. Most days she hated being alive. Her father was nowhere, a bum somewhere living off disability grants and brandy. Brandy usually borrowed from a neighbour. Borrowed in the way that most of the brandy was returned down the plumbing, or the sink if there wasn't time. When he used to live with them sometimes he returned the brandy to the floor where a good daughter would clean it up with a bucket and a mop, oh, she was an expert with mops.
He wasn't a bad mouse, just a little messed up. Who wasn't?
Someone told her there were only seven kinds of animals in the world. Perhaps she was destined to meet the same one over and over. Jay wasn't like her father, was he?
Her stomach growled. She usually nibbled from the plates at the restaurant, even though it was against the law or something. Fuck that shit, good food is good food.
Maybe she could make something. "Are there any eggs left?" Silence from mother of the year, too busy savouring her last cigarette to answer her starving lamb. No food, no luxuries. Just fags and fat. How the hell does she put on so much weight when there's nothing in the fridge?
Amanda checked her phone but her inbox was empty, her friends too busy with their college lives, their young partners, their careers. Amanda's phone had drained her savings completely; if her mom found out about it Amanda would end up murdered in her bed, strangled with the charging cable. But the phone was an escape. Something to do. A way to talk with Jay.
Who else did she actually know? Some old guy she had modelled for a few months ago, a retired photographer, but things had departed from modelling and now and again she danced topless for him in his flat for spare cash. Dodgy old rat, but sweet in his own way. A sort of annoying friendship. Was that really it? All her friends from school had moved on, got married, got careers.
I don't even know what I want to be yet. The Unicorn was quiet on this dilemma.
Amanda's mother finally looked up from her gossip magazine. "No there are no blimmin' eggs. Go ask that Jay for eggs."
Her mate didn't have eggs. She had just come from there. Empty fridge. No money. I'm so hungry, she thought, I will have to use someone for dinner. A million other pups at the pub do it, why can't I?
She went to her room and threw on a black dress (Dolce & Gabanna, £139.97. Okay, let's be honest, Xian Li Traders knock-off, £12.00), and a pair of black pumps. A few hours at the pub would get her free drinks, fluttering her lashes would get a dinner as well. Right? But something deep inside reminded her that she would be too shy and that her plan would backfire as soon as she squeaked open her mouth. She wanted to be a bad pup sometimes, but that meant dealing with other animals, no one was bad on their own. She also wanted to follow the rules, but the rules made life hard. Jay wasn't much help. I don't know what to do to succeed and Jay doesn't know either, useless sod.
"I'm going out." She had to try for supper, save up her nutrition for future nights without it. It was a game she played with her mind. The game was called Let's See Who Gives In First.
"Like hell you are. You need to make me dinner." 
Tiptoeing behind her mother's back Amanda opened the front door.
"Where are you going?"
How can I make you dinner if there is no food, you stupid cow? "Jebus, I'm just going out!" 
"Don't you take the good Unicorn's name in vain, young lady. If you go out that door you better find another place to live. I bloody mean it this time! I'm sick of your shit!" 
Amanda's blood boiled. This day had been the worst ever. "Jebus, mom, you do nothing! I'm the only one trying here! I feed you, I clean for you, it's supposed to be the other way around! You know what? Fuck you!" Amanda flipped her mom the bird and ran down the stairs into the welcoming anonymity of the city streets. She had never sworn at her mom before. There was something final about it.

	Chapter 2

No healthy dinners appeared that night, or the next night, but there was food, sort of. Her dirty old rat friend could be persuaded to buy her pizza and beer, which she devoured topless while he watched her eat.
"Hey, can I ask you something?" Amanda asked while chewing through a bite of Italian pepperonion and pineapple, his favourite, not hers. Dirty Old Rat grunted and ran a finger around one of her boobs while she chewed.
"What?" He stopped moving his paws, unable to talk and fondle at the same time.
"Do you think I'm ugly?"
He thought about it for a few seconds. "Ah, not really, like." He scratched his chin, stubbled with grey clumps of fur, and stroked his whiskers. He wanted to tell her something.
"But I'm not beautiful."
"Yer a wee bit goofy looking. Yer ears is too big," he said, reaching over her with one arm to grab a slice of pizza while his other paw stayed firmly planted on her lightly furred breast.
"Really? What else?"
"Yer lips is outta proportion. And ya dress funny like."
He ran his paw down toward her chequered skirt, wanting more. Getting lightly fondled for cash and pizza wasn't any better than serving pigs, or any worse, but she had limits. She  squirmed out of his grip.
"Thanks for the honesty."
"Am I too charming for ya?" He pulled a face at her, flashing his one missing tooth, and she laughed. His arms were so thin she could probably beat him up with one paw tied behind her back. She tousled his white fur and danced around the room, wiggling her body for him while he sipped his beer.
"You poor old rodent. Isn't it time you found a mate?"
He twisted open a second beer and looked out the window forlornly. "Humph. I'm sick a' all o' yous. Yer money's on the table." Spent, he toppled over in a heap, his beer dripping onto the wooden floor.
Amanda propped up the bottle and left the old rat to his snores, then caught the bus to Jay's place. They looked for jobs on the internet together and smoked cheap cigarettes with terrible warning pictures on the box – foxes with lung cancer, a giraffe who had to breath through a hole cut into his neck.
Amanda knew her mom went to Whale-Watchers every Thursday night, more as a social apology than to lose any of her weight, and after making certain no one was home Amanda and Jay scuttled in on the tips of their toes and moved out her stuff.
	Chapter 3

Jay's place.
Heavy metal and weed. Shitty furniture stained with spilt beer and cigarettes. The holes in the carpet covered with pieces of another, older carpet. Amanda dragged her suitcase, the accomplishments of her entire life, into the flat. She dropped the case on the stained carpet in his musty lounge and walked the three steps to his kitchen to pour them a drink.
"Are you sure you don't mind, Jay?" Amanda wiped the smudges from two glasses and poured brandy for them.
"It's fine. It's only for a while, right?" Jason sprawled himself over the couch with one leg hanging over the edge, and lit a joint. His five o'clock shadow made Amanda's heart race.
"Just until I get another job." 
"Yeah, yet another job." He blew smoke in her direction.
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"You just can't find a place where you fit in, you know? A place to settle down." Jay fumbled under his stained couch for his controller and switched on his Playstation. His stuff. His kingdom. He avoided eye contact. "Make us some coffee, will you?"
"I need to take a shower, I'm sweating like a pig."
"Pigs don't sweat," Jay said, and dropped the controller. He started rolling a second joint from the ingredients in the brass ashtray, the first joint still hanging between his lips.
She was drunk. He was high. He didn't want her in his space. Guys needed space.
Fuck his space, she thought, this should be our space, our nest. They were always two beers away from an argument. Puke stains embroidered the carpet and a dead plant gazed forlornly out the window. Mostly the flat smelled of fart.
Amanda got used to it. It was paradise compared to the emotional torture of home.

###

Living with Jay wasn't complete hell. When he was out Amanda turned the little kitchen into a photo studio. She found Jay's camera at the back of his cupboard (Canon EOS55D, 50mm Prime Lens, £280.80, New). Amanda had bought it for his birthday soon after they met. So fucking expensive, it cost all her savings at the time, endless hours of scrabbling for tips from wild animals and mopping up sticky floors.
When he chatted her up at Fergie's bar a year ago he told her he wanted to be a famous photographer just so that he could photograph her forever, if only he had a camera. Such a corny line. Naturally she fell in love with him and bought him the camera a week later. He used it only once, to take naked photos of her. Douchebag. Still, it was better to be in a boring relationship with an attractive guy than in an interesting relationship with an ugly guy, right?
He just kept the naked photos on his laptop, he never even looked at them, asshole. He didn't even jerk off to them.
Guys are all the same, she thought, stupid, sniffling dogs always after one thing – ownership. And when they get it they don't want it any more. They want you to throw it so they can go and fetch it again.
Jay was at an interview for a warehouse job and she was alone in the small kitchen. The light diffusing through the old wooden shutters lit the kitchen with a soft glow.
Her photo-shoot was a low budget affair -  Macaroni earrings, tinfoil dress, flour and icing-sugar for make-up. A cardboard collar torn from a box Jay used to keep some of his stuff in, and to hide his weed.
Males had stuff in boxes. Females had things in cupboards. Stuff and things did not look good on the same shelf.
Amanda took twenty shots and reviewed them. Fuck you, Damien Hirst, sick fuck. Fuck off Terry Richardson you sexy perv and fuck you, especially, Annie Leibovitz. Jebus, she loved their art. They made mind porn with designer clothes and make-up. Artificial and trite and over the top. Fuck yes.
Amanda had macaroni and a camera and lingerie (Marks & Spencer Easy Tease, £12.40), and a pirated version of Photoshop on Jay's laptop. It was enough for now.

	Chapter 4

Amanda walked in the park at lunchtime to clear her thoughts and feed the homeless ducks. Hundreds of Animals walked the park, carrying on blissfully unaware of their fashion crimes. She walked past couples arm in arm or on the phone, oblivious of their hideous clothes. The endless banal drapes, sacks really, barely covering the secrets of lives not well spent. Amanda wore bright floral tights, a lace top, and a loose red jersey that hung from her shoulder, a stark contrast to the beings around her in their workforce jeans and t-shirts. She wore a flower in her fur. The legal hyenas around her wore plain pants, the same blue shirts, and dull expressions as they slinked off the courtroom to rip every last cent from their client's feeble grasp. Females wore plain, knee-length skirts. Some of the females who worked at offices wore a discrete flower in their lapel, an act of feminine rebellion. Their clothes were uniforms, overalls designed by celebrities to make it seem like an office job was different to a factory job. Not real clothes. Not fashion. The world needed something. Some change.
A guitarist sitting on a bench picked a tune, a musician who would never make it because he didn't have a shark's business-class instincts. At the lake a mole in dark glasses threw bread for the homeless ducks while he watched young goslings walk past tittering to each other about some incredibly important social event.
~
Two days later. 
A small morning argument with Jay as usual. Her savings were dwindling. A bus trip into town to the agency ate £1.50. 
~
It was a busy little office. The busy little dragon dressed in a stiff, plaid suit on the other side of the desk looked over the pink form Amanda had filled out. Amanda gave her best smile and tried to look professional. It was a hostage negotiation - the first one who speaks loses.
"I was just wondering," Amanda squeaked, "when I would get paid." Today she wore her orange Lloyd Rose boots, a pink Chase top, and a slutty little skirt that was worth many, many Vodka and Red Bulls if used correctly. Too bad the agent was famale dragon, clearly very married with kids, judging by the photo on her desk and the tightly permed fur and tin earrings. (£2.20 Cash & Carry.)
A lingering pause. A genuine look of incredulity on the dragon-lady's face.
"What did you say?" The little plaque on her desk said 'Clear, Inc Models – the choice is Clear' in fake gold and fake wood, slightly charred at the corners. Her glasses slid down to the end of her fake nose. "Are you being serious? I can't send you out. You don't have a portfolio and you don't have any experience."
It was the model's catch-22. Can't get one without the other.
"I know, but I thought you could help me with that, you know, get me started. I'd really appreciate it." Amanda gave her best smile.
"But you're a foot too short! And your fur, it's.... mousey!"
Amanda suspected the dragon lady might be the bald restaurant pig's mistress. Or sister. Or both. The dragon's eyes rolled as she went back to checking over Amanda's form and Amanda looked down at her oversized feet.
The dragon slapped down the papers and looked up suddenly, causing Amanda to drop her pawbag. "Look at those models." The dragon poked her pen at a squad of photos on the pin-board next to her table, a little red dot now on the forehead of some incredibly gorgeous feline. Miss India. Above her another 100 or more portraits of pretty mollies stared out with sultry iciness. They were all arranged in rows like good little cats with neatly trimmed pubic areas, you know, because they were good and decent. Mrs. Dragon pinned Amanda's photo to the board at the end of the bottom row. "You see that red line?" She pointed at the line half way up the board, drawn a few times in that annoying red pen dividing the models into two groups. "That is the earning line. You," she looked down at the form, "Amanda," she looked up again, "are here." She tapped Amanda's photo at the bottom end of the board, leaving three red dots on her face. The voodoo pen made Amanda's nose itch.
Now we are sisters, Amanda thought, Miss Smallpox and Miss India. Baptised in the blood of dragons.
But that photo, taken hastily by the receptionist in front of a white cloth in the lobby, made Amanda uneasy. My first professional photo shoot, sort of, and I look like I don't belong. Next to all the others she looked like a frightened school-mouse on her first day. A deer caught in the headlights. A stupid mouse with no dad and an untrimmed pubic area. Amanda looked away.
Look at the floor. Look at the wall. Just don't look at that board.
There were photos everywhere around the office. Queens stared at her. Black and white Dior ads signed by the model in thick marker. Dear Xyz, thank you, from Perfect Model #270. Fashion and beauty magazines lay open in untidy and precisely placed perfection showing off the agency's product, the model. Always the agency model. We run this town, the ads said. We own your image. You owe us everything.
On the opposite wall hung a photo of a 36C goddess in a Versace dress that hung miraculously from her curves, sitting on a golden couch covered in silk from the studio of Oscar de la Renta. That couch would cost more than Amanda. Stupid, skinny Amanda.
"Who took that photo?" Anything to stop the tears.
The dragon paused her fiery breathing and peered over her glasses. "That print is a Zenith, taken for Versace 2 years ago. If you get to the top of the board," she tapped the board with her red pen, cautiously avoiding the faces of the felines above the red line, "you might get to work with him." She stressed the might as if there was actual hope.
Amanda still had to pay the registration fee, and this felt like bait. There were rumours that agencies preyed on the hopes and dreams of naive young pups. Naive being a French word for stupid, untrimmed pup. Stupid young Amandas, all in a row with spots on their nose and empty wallets. The photo hanging on the wall… they were in different worlds.
"It's so beau..."
The phone on the agent's desk rang and she waved Amanda to be quiet.
"What? Oh good. Send her in." She peered at Amanda over her glasses holding the phone in the crook of her neck. "I have another appointment. We'll let you know." She one-paw shuffled Amanda's form into the pile of pink forms, took Amanda's photo from the board and paper-clipped it to an entirely wrong sheet of paper. Amanda didn't correct her. The dragon stood up, indicating that the interview was at an end.
Amanda stayed down while the agent spoke on the phone. The form sat on the dragon's desk, covered in red pen. It may as well be in the bin, Amanda thought. The dragon kept her vicious stare fixed firmly on Amanda while they waited. Knees finally waking, Amanda blushed and stood up just as the most beautiful feline she had ever seen floated in – a hundred feet tall, fur as red as blood, dripping with jewellery and wafting perfume, Dior Sepulturac, £59.90 per fluid ounce. More expensive than blood. More expensive than even inkjet ink. She wore an illegal Holbein mink guaranteed to have made at least 20 animals suffer in its creation (£620.00). Jimmy Chus Shoes. Stockholm and Sons stockings. Priceless earrings. That heavenly perfume, it smelled like virgin blood and daffodils and success. She moved like the cat's meow.
I hate her. Amanda thought, nodding and smiling in greeting, but the goddess looked straight through her and gave the dragon a fake French embrace and a matching set of double air-kisses.
"Did you get my shoot?" No greeting, but dragons don't care for manners, gold is king in the dragon's den. Amanda looked back to the wall. It was her, the feline in the poster. Miss Impossible. Miss big tits and tiny waist. Were they all like that?
"Of course I did. But I tell you it was not an easy task, you know he doesn't do digital for Dior. We had to buy a roll of Kodak Ektar from a private collector in Sweden, took us ages to track down." Zenith. They were talking about Zenith. "I have all the details here." She tapped a sealed envelope on the desk, a stamp of gold foil proved its worth. "But let's go have a cappuccino first." They laughed in unison and walked out.
Fakes. Frauds. I see through both of you. They hadn't even looked at her. Amanda was invisible, it was her super-power. They left her alone in the office, a forgotten mouse whose button-up shoes barely reached the floor. She reached for her form to tear it up but at the last moment grabbed the envelope with the gold stamp and ran for the door.
~
Amanda walked down the busy street in the business district, feeling thoroughly outclassed by the suits and ties waltzing around her to some very serious and lucrative destination. These suits knew how mortgages worked, how to buy shares in big companies. They even knew what shares were. There were males and females in steel-grey pants who had careers and not just silly jobs carrying trays and pushing mops. 
The street looked familiar, the gold typography on the signs. Yesterday she had seen something important in Elle Magazine and now she turned into an alley to find the advertised store, exactly as it had appeared in glorious CMYK.
Everyone Needs a Pretty Hat, the ad said, and it was indeed a very pretty example of the species sitting so alluring in the window. The seams were perfect French stitching, contours starched to a marble-smooth finish, Ukrainian felt so delicate and refined the company went bankrupt to produce it just before the Russians invaded the country, because they wanted to get hold of the Ukrainian felt. Luckily savvy workers had smuggled a few meters out and the felt had found itself here. The ad said. 
Amanda checked her purse - she could make it, if only just. This hat was clearly a sign, put there for a reason. It would sway him when he saw her waltzing past in such style. It would go perfectly with the shoes she had permanently in her bag, the ones she never dared wear in case they were splashed on or scuffed. Her millionaire shoes – if she met one she would slip them on, and maybe the millionaire would slip them off later after he fell madly and besottedly in love.
She sensed more than saw the beggar walking towards her, an old skunk with a piano keyboard of missing teeth, his claws yellow and caked with dirt. He turned and stopped next to her at the window, his mouth twitching with delight. He smelled of urine and methylated spirits and a haunting childhood.
"Spare change, lady?"
Amanda shook her head. Go away. Go and tell someone else your story, your excuse. 
He walked closer to be in her field of view and she turned towards the shop window to cut off all communication. She felt a pressure of his paw fondling her bottom.
"Don't touch me!" Amanda pulled herself away, but the skunk, dressed in putrid rags (£0.00, Trash and Trailer), grinned his toothless grin and pushed forward. She could smell his methylated breath twisting finger-like up her neck. She couldn't move. His body's perfume overpowered her senses – Paralysis by Calvin Klein. Give It To Her.
"Just a little love, my darling. You and me." He reached for her breast and she wrenched herself away.
"Fuck off!" But the skunk was not deterred and wedged her against the doorway. He grabbed her wrist and Amanda struggled against his furious iron grip, honed in a thousand street fights. Behind them a beaver barked loudly from the boutique doorway and the beggar grunted and let go. Amanda raced into the safety of the dimly lit fashion temple.
Ah sweet, safe home. A place to find the meaning of life. And Amanda just happened to be in this particular place now. A sign. She smiled a thank you at the shopkeeper, a stout female in a leather dress who went back to stacking a display of wooden boxes around a statue of Hermine Cadolle, the French revolutionary who had revolutionized female fashion by inventing the bra.
Amazing clothes filled each rail, made from fabrics of profound and cunning construction. Thread woven from the seeds of mayflowers by a team of retired nuns, banned from the nunnery for their wanton desires, purple dyes cast from orchids so rare clothes could only be produced one night a year in the dead of moonlight, according to the ads. And lingerie, magnificent lace of every description and scandalous thread count.
Amanda wanted it all, maybe she would even wear all of it. This was style, this was class, not the high street straight cut shit they made in twelve sizes. This was for real females, desperate females, females like her. Forgive me father, for I am thin. Skinny females gave their confession in the dressing room every day and walked out feeling guilty if they didn't buy something they couldn't afford. It was the only boutique with a purge bucket in the rest-room, some said. Say three Hail Mary's and a Christian Delecroix.
"Do you take Mastercard?"
"Yes, we can take Mastercard." The shop assistant gave a rehearsed smile. Outside, the battered old skunk muttered to himself and humped off, dragging his long and leathery tail behind him. Amanda stood near the counter and put on the darling hat from the ad, then added a pair of sunglasses from a revolving display to complete the look. She admired her disguise from different angles. Mata Hari had nothing on her.
The skink faded away; the coast was clear. She put down the sunglasses and after looking up and down the cobbled street she walked out, almost hitting a horse dragging a shopping cart filled with apples. 
The wind blew at her, almost blowing the hat up to the sky but she held on tight, despite being lifted an inch off the ground by the gust. The hat was just a little too big for her head so she took out her winter woolly hat with the floppy ears (Flea Market Fun, £2) and put it on. She pushed the beautiful new hat down over the thick wool. A perfect fit.
"Hey!" a shout from... where? Was the skunk coming back?
Amanda held her new, pretty hat and ran for the safety of the waiting bus. Perfect timing. Another sign. She gave the last of her money to the driver and staggered to a seat as the bus pulled off with the precision driving skills no doubt learned at a terrorist training camp. 
Fuck! The Hat. It sat silently judging her under her trembling fingers. Oh shit. Oh Fuck. I am Thief. I am Sin. I'll go back and pay for it, she lied. There was no money left. This was it.
~
The bus laboured up the steep hill to Newburg and pulled up at a rickety bus-stop. The driver badgered her to get out and Amanda shouted from the back seat, "Hey, I need to get to the top." It sounded corny. The badger's cheap brown suit and vague expression told Amanda he had no interest in the needs of aspiring models.
"I'm turning around here."
Fuck you, stupid driver. "Thank you." Amanda squeaked politely and alighted the bus, pulling her bag closer over her shoulder, a bag of infinite magic (Givenchy £61.50). A knockoff, but still genius in its arrangement of interlocking pockets and clasps. She found her Ice Baby lip-ice – every poor pup's' lip gloss, and applied it in deft strokes, pursing her lips to even out the paste.
The road up the hill trailed on forever into the haze but she started to walk. Her cheap button-up sneakers were not designed for walking, but for partying, but they played along. A light breeze sprung up, perhaps following its violent city cousin up the hill, and she was glad for the air conditioning on the hot day. She rehearsed her introduction a dozen times, how she'd hold out her paw and then pull out her wad of research and impress him with her knowledge of his work. She'd put on her sunglasses and he would see she was a serious contender, a débutante protégé. He would fall in love, he would give her money, it was meant to be.
Half an hour later she saw the crest of the hill, but the sweat was going everywhere it shouldn't. Better stop and cool off, she reasoned, before you flood. She pulled out the previously wax-sealed packet of things from the agency - more stolen goods. Contraband. On the cover in gold print – Clear, Inc. She had paged through the contents a dozen times, just a few sketches on rough parchment and a sheet with an address scribbled in thick pencil. And a black and white photo on actual paper of a gorgeous creature in a flowing gossamer gown. When was the last time she had seen an actual photo? A print. A Zenith. That magical address. That ray of hope. An escape from a maxed-out credit-card and no job.
This was not a good day, but at least it couldn't get any worse. At the top of the hill a stone wall surrounded a little house, an iron gate propped up creepers. There were old golden leaves over everything. A photo-shoot waiting to happen. As she reached the gate the breeze, clearly still in a playful mood, sucked up her new hat and blew it into the garden.
"No!" She ran after it as it rolled away, oblivious to the shrubs crunching under her trampling feet. Her laces caught in the ivy and she fell, paws pushing into soft and messy dirt. The hat rolled and stopped at the feet of a big sweaty lion who was pulling weeds from a bed of roses. He turned at the hat rolling away from the sweaty pup, picked it up and held it out to her.
Great, me in my woolly hat, you in your... work clothes? She plucked the hat away and ran back to the gate. He followed her. Not this again. She hated confrontations.
"Are you alright, jellybean?" He shouted after her. This was the right place. He must be the gardener. 
"Would you mind calling your boss?" Amanda shouted back across the little iron gate, hinges rusted almost clean through. She sat down on the edge of a little stone flowerbed, exhausted. She had scuff marks on her palms from the fall and her brand new stolen hat was ruined. Her magic hat, now covered in mud and creases. Why did I sit down now? She tried to straighten her shirt but there was dirt on it too. And now she was crying. Oh great.
"I'm afraid I don't have a boss," he said and walked over.
"Oh." Oh. Oh shit. Him. It must be. He was a strange cat, gangly, not thin. He pulled a pair of glasses from a pocket in his floral island shirt covered in pictures of red cockatoos. The sun shone behind him, obscuring his features. "Sorry. I'm not having a very good day," Amanda said while she wiped tears from her cheeks. Tears, thank you for coming at the worst and most embarrassing moment in human history. "Are you Zen? Zenith?"
"Hmm, yes. How can I help you?" He was a middle-aged lion with a great big greying mane and a belly, and that mesmerising island shirt. She blushed, not speaking in case she started crying again. He held out his giant paw. "Do you need a cup of tea, jellybean?"
"Yes, please." She caught herself just before she said 'sir'.
~
He made them cups of tea in white curly cups and piled a few tiny scones onto an antique plate, little watercolour bunnies playing on the faded ceramic. He packed away the tea leaves into an old tin, a perfect accessory for a quaint kitchen in an old house. Amanda fidgeted with the buttons on her patchwork blouse, brushed dirt from her floral tights. She still had her bag clasped tightly under one arm. Tea in one paw, bag in the other. Good old dependable bag. Givenchy (£61.50). Still a Knockoff. 
"Oh!" The plan. The old razzle-dazzle. The sales pitch. She pulled out her bundle of research and thrust it at him, the nerves bunching up in her throat. He peered at her over his reading glasses as they walked down the stony passage. He was carrying the hat. Shit. My hat. She was still wearing her pink woolly hat with the floppy ears. It tickled her face. Quick, create a diversion while eliminating all evidence of immaturity and general retardation.
"Um, you did that." She shook the pages at him and pointed with one finger. He took the bundle and adjusted his glasses. She moved to take off the woolly hat but stopped just as he looked up. She ran her paw over a page in a magazine. "And that is beautiful," she stabbed her finger at an ad in an authoritative manner. "And that. Um, and this. I love this so much." He couldn't see what she was looking at and she tilted the pages towards him. 
He took the page from her and adjusted his glasses again. "That one is quite pretty," he said, "but the camera did all the hard work."
"I don't think so, you're a genius, don't you know!"
"Nonsense, any old cat with a camera can do it."
"Hardly!" Amanda voice rose to a high pitch. I am pup. I am squeak. "And I figured out what it is. Your secret. Look, all the models. In all the photos." She spread out a few images side by side, holding the saucer in two fingers and a page in the others. "They all pose the same way. Different, I mean, unique, but the same. Perfectly." He lifted a great bushy eyebrow at her. She swallowed hard and continued. "Like ballet, but sitting down. When I saw these same models posing in other photographer's works they looked like real clods, you know? But in here they're different. Changed. You did that. You made those moments. You made them, those models. That's why I'm here."
"You want to be a photographer?"
"Yes. No! A model. I want you to teach me how to model. Like that. I've seen every photo you've ever done. Brilliant. I mean if you have time. If I could do that I'd be unstoppable."
"I see," he said, stroking his beard using the bundle photos while sipping from his antique cup.
"I mean, I want to work for you. If you need a model. And you can teach me modelling. If you wanted." Amanda's voice trailed off and her ears drooped. His walls were lined with photos. Great, great, photos. And a few paintings of beautiful felines in lingerie looking at their reflections. There must be millions of models dying to work with him. Professional models. Tall models. 36C models. His inbox must be stuffed. "Modelling is harder than I thought. And I need the money."
"Oh, you mean you want money. Oh I see." Zen seemed to lose interest. "You seem to know an awful lot about me. Are you stalking me?" She couldn't tell if Zenith was serious or not. His face, unlike his work, had no emotion.
"No! It's just... your work is so fucking beautiful." 
Zen laughed and continued to stare at her while he sipped his tea. Amanda looked around the room to avoid his gaze. A majestic brass statue of a cat doing ballet rose and twisted until it ended in a ball of light. A cunning lamp.
"Sorry. My language. But the way you see women. That's how I want to be seen." No response. "One day." If you'll let me. Please let me. She pointed at her favourite photo – a dark image of a strange, beautiful rabbit lying on a gold sofa in a broken room surrounded by water. As calm as a tsunami. An owl perching on the sofa stared fiercely out at the world. Amanda often lay in bed and stared back at that photo. The light. The mood. The magic. "And this one." She reached for a magazine. She was calm now, maybe she could tell him about the signs. How she felt it was destined that she be here at this point in history, that she had been guided by a greater force. She reached for her diary but the gods of her paws intervened and to her horror her paws gave out from the nerves and she dropped the stack of papers and sketches and magazines onto the floor, pages and notes cascading down in a waterfall of fashion and photography. The delicately balanced cup of tea followed. And a scone landed jam side down. Of course it would, scones always landed jam side down, that was their punishment to little mice who dropped them. The scone and the wet, sloppy, tea. Splat. All over his shoes. A dripping mess of research and cut-outs and sketched out ideas done late at night, sketches that she now couldn't show him because his walls were covered in his own ideas. He did not need her. She needed him. He was infinite. He was Zen. She was zero.
There was a moment of intake and he sighed, the disappointment escaped from him in his breath, a wave of calming patience drawn from the depths of age that old animals always show to the impatient young. Amanda could not contain herself. She started to cry. Not little pup manipulative crying, but face-contorted, spontaneous, lips-out, baby crying. Stupid pup standing in her mess. She covered her face with her suddenly empty paws and walked away. It was the most humiliating moment in her life.
~
"I'm sorry, this wasn't what I expected." She sat on a chair outside the kitchen and looked into the corner while he started remaking the tea. It was awkward. Her tears eventually dried up against her face, matting her fur against her cheeks. Pathetic. Plumber, heal thyself.
"You were expecting a tall thin cat with a ponytail and stubble who lives in a grand palace?" He asked over his shoulder.
"No, not that." Maybe something like that. A fairy tale. "This place is perfect. I just thought things would go smoothly for once."
"Had a rough time lately?" Amanda looked around at the small, ornate home. A nice little house on top of the hill, with a view of the whole world. She had not often been in a home with a view, or in an actual house for that matter. Mice tended to live in cages on top of each other.
"You have no idea." Amanda looked at a photo of a derelict building on the wall. An impossibly tall cat stood alone in the ruins, clutching a slip of gold fabric that accentuated every part of her perfect body.
"Is pretty female in abandoned building your favourite theme?" She asked his back as he walked into the pantry. Please please don't take it the wrong way.
"Yes." His head poked back through the doorway and he smiled. "Sometimes when I'm bored I do abandoned female in pretty building, it works just as well."
Amanda smiled back. The images around her created a surreal wonderland that she could imagine herself lost in if she closed her eyes a little. He carried out a fresh tray of tea and cookies and they walked back into the hall past the stain on his carpet. On the wall a large photo loomed over them, dressed in an ornate frame.
"Who is she?" 
"Theresa Beinhardt, currently at Wilhelmina. Haven't seen her in years."
"Wow."
"Come on, let's go sit in the lounge. The lighting is better." 
He didn't let her carry her own tea, but when they sat down again he pawed her cup back, thankfully unbroken by the level six earthquake of tears minutes earlier. Her paws shook as she took the cup and it cup rattled along in sympathy. The old tea cup had a little picture of a forest on it, just like her grandmother's. She gave him another thin smile, trying to break the tension.
Why am I so fucking insanely nervous? "I'm a little nervous." On the saucer a little cookie bounced around. She grabbed at it and on the second try succeeded. She took a bite. It tasted of caramel and nutmeg and real butter. So fucking delicious. Especially after weeks of noodles and disgusting tinned meat. Or was it months now? Time had become a strange concept. She was shaking again. A frightened mouse visiting the vet. Please fix me, master Zen.
"Would you prefer a plastic cup?" He asked in his rusty voice.
Amanda winced at his off-pawed joke. Oh great, here come the tears again. Falling like summer rain. Her face scrunched up uncontrollably and despite her best effort to contain them her eyes burst forth their glorious, sweet, stupid summer shower.
Idiot. Pathetic baby. Go cry yourself to sleep, stupid baby. "Please don't look at me." She covered her face to hide the tears.
"Bit difficult, you being a supermodel and all."
"Please stop making jokes."
"I can't, it's my super-power." 
The crying eventually stopped. They sat in silence for a while listening to the clock tick tock in the next room. Her phone buzzed against her chest from its cunning hidden pocket in her blouse. She ignored it. It would just be Jay. Not now, sweetheart, I'm in a meeting.
"So how does it work? Becoming a model I mean." Please tell me the short-cut, please please oh please, I have to know.
"I won't say just sign up with an agency and everything will work out, because it won't, as you know. Most models will see very little work. And I won't say work hard because that doesn't matter, if you work hard in the wrong way you may as well be doing nothing. I guess if there is a secret formula it is this." Amanda's big ears pricked forward. "Do what you're told. Most models lose their way when they try to control the process. They forget they're working with artists with big egos. Like me. There are a lot of egos in the industry, everyone wants to be the creator."
Amanda nodded. "So, what must I do?"
"Can you follow instructions?" Amanda nodded.
"Yes."
"Can you walk?" 
"Yes." Amanda's smile faded. "I don't know. What do you mean, walk?"
"Can you command a room when you move? Have all eyes focus on you. Manipulate the minds of animals with your stride. Mesmerise them. Can you do that?"
"I don't know." Manipulate, yes, mesmerise, no.
"Well let's find out. Stand up." Amanda carefully put down her magical cup of tea and stood up. 
Follow instructions. I can do that.
"Can you show me your body?" Yes, I can do that. She turned on the spot. "Like this?"
"I mean I want to see what your body looks like. Can you take off your clothes?"
Amanda gulped. Yes I can, it's not hard. She took off her jacket. Ok, Amanda, why exactly am I wearing these horrible patterned leggings? Did I really think it was stylish compared to the gold dresses and velvet? No. Okay. Fine.
"Must I ..." she gestured at her shirt. (£21.70 Ulrecht and Creole. Knockoff). He nodded. 
Okay, no problem, obviously he would need to see her body, duh. He was an artist. Amanda took off her shirt and shoes, unzipped and unwrapped her dress, and stood in her underwear. 
"Everything." 
Jesus fucking Christ. Ok, I can do this. Standard procedure, I guess.
A moment's hesitation while her chest began pumping up and down in nervous anticipation.
Stop that. Follow instructions. This is a test. A job interview. She tried to smile without revealing her nerves.
"Sorry, I just don't know how it all works." She took off her bra and slid down her panties, praying they would not tangle on her big feet. She started shaking. Fuck! Her shoes. Adidas button-up sneakers. 100 Fucking pounds, now messed up and dirty from the tumble in the garden, and from other things. She had forgotten the shoes. The critical part. She struggled to get the panties over her big feet. She tried her best to make it look smooth. It wasn't.
Don't fall. Don't you dare fucking fall. Aha! The panties were off. Victory! She twirled around in her shoes, feeling extra naked. 
She did not feel afraid of him, he was not going to try anything, this was just art. His reputation did, after all, precede him. Well, his art. It was a declaration of peace to the world. She was safe. The shaking was gone, it was the transition to nakedness that was nerve-wracking, the fear of getting in trouble and a voice shouting from outside, demanding to know what she was doing under there, young lady. 
Zen had a calm aura. Aptly named you are, master Zen. I am one with the universe.
"Good." Zen sat back and sipped his drink, "Can you walk to that far wall and back?"
Yes, sir, I can do that.
Amanda, at least grown up Amanda, had never been naked in front of anyone except her mate before. Okay, that old rat in town for private dancing, but that was different, that was just to make enough money for rent, or for dinner. It wasn't unpleasant being naked in front of someone, just... unusual. Amanda had no real shame about her body, even though it wasn't perfect. It was a thing her mind rode to get to work and clubs. A vehicle. Sometimes a vessel.
She reached the wall, touched it, and turned around, trying to focus on the new sensation of air around her and not being naked in front of some animal she had just met.
Please don't get wet, she thought, turn off that terrible tap. Fuck. A little dampness. But nothing visible, she hoped. These days she leaked everywhere, a cracked, broken mouse. Who would want a cracked, broken mouse?
"Walk back." 
She obeyed. 
"Turn around." 
She turned around as she got to him. He sat looking at her back for what felt like forever. She shifted weight and looked back over her shoulder trying to see what he was looking at. Her ass? Her legs?
Awkward. Awkward. Awkward. 
He scratched his beard. He had a beard, she hadn't noticed before, he was actually quite ugly, not unpleasant, just... weird. Godfather-like. Unconventional. Somehow this seemed important. Perhaps an attractive cat wouldn't appreciate a female's body so much. A gym jock would fuck and forget her before he got to the golf course. Here was supply and demand, economics 101. She watched him looking at every part of her. He was enjoying the show.
"I tell you what, since you are so ambitious, I'm shooting the cover of Teen Queen next month. I want to use you." 
It took a few moments for the voice to reach her consciousness. Who said that? Amanda came back to reality. "What? Seriously?" Don't freak out don't freak out don't freak out. "Okay." Tell me everything. Slowly.
"You'll need a lot of training though." 
Was he offering to train her too? No effing eff way. Training. Like a ninja, can't see me, just feel my blade when I'm gone.
"And be obedient. Follow instructions. No bullshit."
"I can do that." Yes, I can do that, apparently. What was his deal anyway? Straight, Gay, Bi, what? Ok, definitely straight. A bit pervy. This was weird, but... ok. It sortof kindof made sense.
"Turn around and walk to the wall again." She did as she was told. Good pup. Obedient ninja. She turned.
"Walk back." She did. "You need a lot of work. You have no idea how to walk, your muscles are all over the place, and your posture is non-existent." His face was deadpan. No emotion. What was he thinking?
A duck. Oh shit. "I know. Sorry." 
Stop saying sorry, stupid cow. You are lame. She remembered her ballet teacher in grade school, a delicate swan who had danced the Bolshoi. You walk like a duck, she had told Amanda. Everything sticks at that age, every quip an adult thinks is constructive bites deep and takes root. Amanda quit ballet after that. Ducks don't do ballet, swans do ballet.
"And again." Again? What the fuck. She rolled her eyes and turned. 
"Turn back. This time try it without the attitude." She stopped in her tracks, blood rushing into her face. He sees everything. Every clumped strand of fur. Every pimple and every eyelash. Every unshaved pubic area. Why didn't I trim my stupid bush today, of all days?
"Do what I say, no attitude, no bullshit. Then you get the cover. It's simple."
The cover. Teen Queen. Jesus what an opportunity, what a place to start. A life. He was literally giving her a life. What did he want? Sex? Or what? A Terry Richardson initiation ritual with come on her face and a few slaps on the ass with a wet towel? Or what? Was he even straight? 
Amanda would do almost anything at this point. Her phone buzzed in her bag on the couch. Jay. Mate. Light of her life. She walked to her phone and tapped at the screen to reply to the SMS, standing naked in the lounge of a lion she had meet 20 minutes ago.
"Can you stop that?" Zenith was annoyed with the distraction. 
"Sorry." She put the phone down on her clothes. This must be what secret housewife hookers feel like when their husbands phone. The phone buzzed again. Another message. 
Fuck my ADD.
"He wants to know if I'm okay." My darling, you do care after all. And I shall return victorious with good news.
"No distractions." 
Amanda seethed quietly. My phone. I worked 3 months for that thing. Fuck you, Zen. Let me change the subject before I kill you.
"Do you ever date your models?" she heard herself ask from a million miles away. Nice subtle question there, miss reporter, miss undercover spy without the covers.
"No, I don't date the help." Now his voice was solid, short, final. Amanda was not sure if it was a joke. Blushing fully now she turned away.
Shit. Fuck. Okay. Focus. Fuck! What the actual fucking fuck fuck? Now? Now you're wet? 
She walked to the far wall, dripping down her leg. Get out of his sight. Fuck. A secret wipe. She could hear herself suck-suck like bubble gum. Don't look down, don't look down.
"Can I put my clothes on now?" Amanda's small voice floated from across the room, she covered her breasts with her arms.
"No. You'll put them on when I tell you." His command. She was more wet now than she had been in her life. Oh why am I so fucked up? Amanda was dazed. Confused. This is surreal. Scary. It would be a wonderful fantasy if she wasn't shaking. Okay, back up a bit, chicko, because nothing comes for free. What is in it for him?
"I'll really get the cover?"
"Yes. If you work hard for the next month, you should be good enough for the cover. You obviously don't have money. There will be expenses. You'll have to work for me."
"Wow. Thank you. This is huge." She had to tell someone. "Can I phone my mate and tell him?"
I need to survive for one month. Just one. I can do that. We can do that. You and me, baby, are gonna buy a yacht.
"Yes. And break up with him." The words hung in the air. "He's an interruption." Amanda stood analysing the moment, everything that had just happened. "Do what I tell you." Another command. The silence grew like vines around them, crawling around her wrists and her ankles. Break up with Jay? Just like that? He had been the only thing keeping her alive for a long time. Big dick Jay. Emotionally unavailable Jay. Slightly stupid Jay. Fuck, he turned her on. 
"If he loves you he'll wait a month. But after the cover you'll be travelling, dating models, males and females, socialising on yachts. I need you liquid and available."
He said yachts, Amanda thought, the best word in the world.
"Your mate will hold you back, stop you from meeting the right animals." 
Jesus Christ. Animals, modelling animals. But a cloud in Amanda's brain wouldn't move out the way. I don't know what to do. Love is the most important thing, after all, right?
Jay. The look on his face if she phoned him right now and dumped him. It would break her.
"I'm sorry, I can't. I'm really sorry."
"It's a deal-breaker. Me or him."
Amanda was confused. What? What did he mean? Was he that arrogant? How could anyone break up with someone for a job? I just met you, Zen, and I respect your work, but my integrity is worth more. If only you could hear my thoughts. She would never be able to tell him how she felt, how this was everything she ever wanted but there was something seriously broken here. The tears were back. Was he toying with her? Obviously. He knew she was desperate because she had told him. Amanda closed her eyes and tried to hear what her gut was telling her. You know what, fuck men. Fuck all of them. Even this one. He was preying on her vulnerability. He wanted to own her. He knew she was desperate and he wanted to destroy her life, then throw her aside when the next pretty little thing came along. Men were all the same, she just thought he would be different, just like every pup in the universe thought every guy who could help her would be different. Stupid pup.
It had been something in his art, something he saw that other photographers didn't. But it was no different to the desire of a dirty old rat in a shitty flat. All the animals in his photos, all vulnerable, pathetic creatures, his prey. She saw him with new eyes sitting on his couch, enjoying the free strip show. 
Amanda's illusions shattered and the real world came swirling at her. She suddenly felt extremely exposed.
"I'm really sorry I wasted your time," she said, tears running down her cheeks. She had almost believed. Almost. Fuck the signs. Fuck God. There is no God. There are just dirty predators and young pups. Whoever said slavery was dead was not a mouse living in a concrete jungle run by lions.
She pulled on her clothes a lot quicker than she had taken them off. She avoided eye contact. Her high heels lay next to her bag, her magical shoes. She had wanted to model them for Zen. Even nude, she wouldn't have minded. She thought he would appreciate their majesty, but all he wanted was another stupid cunt. She threw the high heels in her bag and pulled on her sneakers.
"Amanda," he growled, still sitting like a king on his throne, "think about compound interest. Where you have to start from. And there are rats out there, Amanda, and they all want you to get tangled up with them, to become part of the monster king rat. If you leave, fine, but don't ever be a rat."
Strange words. Stupid rat. His opinions were not important any more. Dirty, rich fuck-head with his retarded cookies and tea. 
Amanda pushed open the gate and started the long walk down the hill without saying goodbye. He stood in the doorway and she felt his eyes follow her. 
Watch me walk away, asshole.
"Don't live a rat's life." His voice floated over the rose garden, a forlorn sound in the quiet of the sunset. She heard the door close behind her.
The town grew bigger as she walked, the buildings grew taller, more ominous. The sun was setting on the other side of town, casting long shadows across the streets.
She looked down at her phone to read her message from Jay – Got arrested. Being evicted now. They found the weed You gotta stay somewhere else.
Fuck.
Amanda passed a terrible Italian restaurant that served pig-food to pigs. Her future. Bad waitress at your service, sir. May I wipe your table for you? Further along some guys in an alley stared at her as she walked past. Another possible future. A victim. Or maybe she would let them do whatever they wanted just to have something to do, to escape the thought of not having any bed of her own. Past the adult shop. Porn star. They called them stars because they were small and no one knew their names. Above the shop a private club hidden in plain sight, painted black and trimmed with gold stars. Stripper. No, 'exotic dancer' she would label herself. Burlesque Artiste. Working for tips shaking her pussy at dirty old rats. Nothing new. Competing with ever younger pups for the same prize. Dancing for candy. 
She walked past a homeless muskrat pissing in his pants. Homeless. Getting spit on by pretentious fuckwits in fancy jackets. One possible future. A rich leopard in a sports car stared at her, twenty feet from the homeless guy. This world is so fucked up, she thought. Rich leopard's eyes ran up and down her body. Pink Armani shirt, Dior trousers. A female had chosen those. His wife. There were marks on his wrists. He liked it rough, but not with his wife. His wife was his cook, his stylist, the maid to his cubs. He would always want more and he'd be willing to pay.
All males were the same, so what did it matter? Maybe she would let the rich guy own her and maybe she would take his money. A future John. Just a job. Just rent. Working shifts at the clothing store, helping fat, annoyed females get small shoes on their swolen, sweaty paws. Stock taking for food. Harassment for rent. Selling drugs for men in alleys. Party till dawn. Pretend her dreams were just meant to stay dreams. Let other females talk her out of doing everything worthwhile that would let her escape her blunt reality. Across the road an early prostitute shuffled along looking for someone to pay her bills. Quick cash from a well-dressed ATM or ATM for a poorly dressed loner. Just a job. Getting pissed on for money. Her future. Taking chances, bigger risks each time to feel alive, to pay the electricity.
The dirty old rat in the damp flat in town who paid cash up front to watch her dance naked. A job. A small reward. Clothes and tampons. Temp jobs for shitty bosses with sports coats and bitchy wives, always getting hit on, some new humiliation to endure every day. A desk job with endless humiliation. Working away her life just for the small reward of a private bathroom in a private flat. Sacrifice a life just to make someone else's dreams come true. Conditioned each day to accept abuse, just to have a safe place to pee. Some male leaning over her trying to see down her cheap shirt. Easy Buy. £3.99. Not a knock-off. She would marry Jay the Beautiful Loser with his clichéd tribal tattoos and grinding, mindless music he thought was different from pop because the singers were all angry. He would use the word edgy a lot. Have a slow kid together, a kid so stupid it would have ADD and need medication just to feel normal, but it was not ADD, it was a body's natural reaction to living in a cage. Small lives in small cages. Jay would cheat on her with another little rat when Amanda got wrinkly and self-involved, too busy raising kids to shake her cottage cheese thighs at him for entertainment. A boring divorce. Move back in with her ageing mom. Pretend everything was okay. Get anorexic and bitter. Smoke until it hurt. Drink until the bitterness left. Then a blissful and lonely suicide, but her mother would say it was heart disease, lung cancer, AIDS. Something less shameful than bowing out of a broken life when you're only middle aged.
I fucking hate you. I hate you, you homeless fuck. I hate you, rich sports guy. I hate you, clothing store bitch who will tell me to work harder while you slack off. I hate you, restaurant fucking pigs. I hate all you whores and Johns and dealers and buyers. I hate it all. But I hate me most of all. There is no way out. I am trapped. I am trapped in a trap I made. I am trapped in me. We are all just whores. Less than whores. We are rats. We're stuck in the trap and we will never get enough to climb out.
Compound interest. The killer of dreams. The curve was slow to grow. 20 Years of enduring all the world's shit to scrape together enough to buy a ratty little flat. A house if she could pretend Jay's inevitable cheating didn't happen and they could pay down a mortgage with small jobs boosted by selling weed and booze. Endure the loan manager's stupid flirtation. Endure the endless forms that were always the wrong forms just to fuck with her. An endless struggle to survive in a cage with the other rats, but you have to pay for your own cage or they put you in another cage with rats who were even more vicious. This was extortion, organized slavery. Civilisation.
Amanda suddenly saw the world divided in two – the rats, and the animals who wore their fur like mink.
The world around her moved without her. It did not stop when she stopped. There were no signs. No one giving her hope. No money. No future.
I would go home and kill myself, but I have no real home any more. I am homeless. The thought hit her by surprise on the chin, pulled from deep down - Oh Jesus, I am homeless. Amanda stood in fear and the fear turned to terror – she had nowhere to sleep tonight.
The animals around her passed in a blur, their cars moved through the streets unaware of the pup standing staring at her own reflection in the store window. She stood still on the side-walk and no one looked in her direction. The sun went down, washing the streets in a velvet orange glow and nothing in the world changed except the colours, a military guard changing shifts. At night he same rats walked from shop to shop, only in darker clothes. We're edgy rats, they would say, we're not like the conformist day rats. 
To Amanda they were all rats. Amanda was invisible, alive or dead, no one would even know. She could fall down right now right here and no one would stop to help, they were too busy being rats looking for the next thing to feed on. In this town the road went on forever and the rats never stopped clawing at the cage, walking the endless habitrail. 
Amanda looked up at the window of The Fashion Temple, home of fine shoes and bad credit, her favourite salvation. Males had video games, females had shoes. The store had a lazy return policy and tonight it was open late. A refund on her millionaire shoes would buy supper and she could work the guys at the bar for a few hours to get free drinks, maybe some snacks. She pulled the precious shoes from her bag and put them on one last time in front of the shop, catching her reflection as she posed.
Fuck, she thought, I was hot in those shoes, they made me. 
She moved differently in them, she felt different. 
The difference between a hooker and a model is the way they walk, Amanda thought. Why did he want to see her walk naked anyway? Why not just ask her to stand there, or dance? 
She walked forward, feeling her shoes' biting hatred of her worthless rat feet, her stupid claws unworthy of their refined grace. Walking. Why was walking so difficult? Walking said so much about a person. About ownership. About worth. Stature. Or... what?
She looked up the hill. A phantom vibration tingled in the pocket of her dress where she had sewn a cunning hidden pocket to hide her phone from her mom. She was a clever pup when she wanted to be, she wasn't stupid all the time. She pulled out her phone and dialled, her rat claws scratching at the luxurious flat surface of upper-class tech, designed by prissy turtles in tight turtle-necks and assembled by Chinese rats in factories with suicide nets to stop them flinging themselves over the edge like lemmings just to escape the drudgery of their worthless lives.
Something changed in her rat brain for the second time that evening and it made her hesitate for a fraction of time so small and so deep it broke the last piece deep inside of her. 
Please don't answer please don't answer please don't... Jay answered.
"What?"
"Jay?"
He was doing something on the other end of the line. She knew that sound. Sometimes he phoned her from there. He grunted into the phone and she heard the splash. She almost threw up.
"We need to talk." 
I love you, baby, but yachts.
~
Amanda Lorraine Bailley picked up her bag and walked. The cold and the sweat and the pain did not register. These were worthless sensations she no longer needed. She was caught in the trap. She would kill herself, yes, but she would do it her way, not die a rat. She walked fast, her calves screamed with pain at every step but she ignored their little angry voices. A rat was not designed to walk in designer heels, that was, after all, the point of them - they turned mice into models.
Her legs moved in a ballet, her muscles begged her to stop and take a break but she pressed on faster, not letting the pain control her. The sweat started to drip and she undid the top buttons of her blouse to cool down. The flow of animals around her never stopped. Each animal walked past blindly, self-involved, walking in circles in the trap. Everyone was a whore, a rat, but she would be mink. She would let them wear her only if they could afford it. She did not feel the distance flowing under her feet as she walked over the cracked and dirty pavement.
She strode through the open door to Zen's lounge with its antique and wonderful everything. It was dark outside, he was sitting next to a crackling fire, reading a book on chess. A perfect picture.
"Firstly," her voice startled him and he spilt his tea, "I am not some little sex slave you can manipulate and use." She stood silhouetted in the doorway in her millionaire shoes. She felt power rise from deep inside that had buried itself for a long time. 
"Hi, I, what are... "
"Shut up, I'm not finished. You don't get to prey on pups when they're vulnerable. I am at my lowest point right now, and I know you know that. I could fucking kill you right now. I should go to the police, only I suspect what you do is not illegal, it's just wrong. How many pups do you see in a week? How many do you promise covers to? No, don't answer that. You're just a dirty old rat with a camera. I bet the queue of pups who show off for you is endless." 
He leaned back, the hint of a smile on his lips annoyed her. Of course he had an endless supply of new talent, he was fucking Zen.
"As a matter..." his calm voice leaked into her mind, finding little crevasses to nest.
"Shut up. Don't answer that," she stopped him before he could take hold. "I work fucking hard. You would be lucky to have me work for you. I should not be here, but I need the money, and I want to be a model. I will do anything you want, but I won't sleep with you. I decide who I sleep with, me, not you, not anyone, do you understand?"
The look on his face, it was priceless. He nodded, the calm smile still on his lips.
She wanted to tell him how she deserved to be treated better, but she suddenly knew it wasn't true. She was just one of a million pups looking for a break. His walls were covered with them, not pups with pen marks on their foreheads, but close. His art. He could choose anyone, but he had chosen her in that moment. That sick, perverted moment. But everyone's a rat, even him, Amanda thought. His rat nest was not very large, but the quality of things blew her mind. Wood and brass and velvet. This rat had taste. Class even. The brass decorations and gold frames certified that he did not need to work, he lived doing what he loved. He lived. Perhaps he was a slave to his... harmless perversion, his addiction playing out in his art. Amanda had done worse for less. Dirty old men in stinky flats on Sunday afternoons playing with her boobs in exchange for greasy food. She could not go back to that.
She heard crying. The stupid pup was back. "I want you to know that I don't have any other options and I know that you know that. I know this is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I should do anything to take it, and I will. But I don't want you to make me feel worthless. I want to be treated with respect." 
Zen stopped smiling and their eyes penetrated each other, cancelling her anger and cancelling his... Zen. What did he think of her? A stupid toy? Naive young pup?
"I will." That calm voice. "You don't have to break up with your mate."
"It's too late, I just did. Now where am I sleeping?"
She dropped her bag on the couch and collapsed into the luxury, the beautiful soft hemp couch she could drown in. He held out a cup and a plate. She took the plate of cinnamon and walnut biscuits and sipped her tea. That the tea and biscuit had been waiting on the table did not register. It was the best fucking biscuit she had ever tasted. They sat in silence by the fire. 
Amanda was a different animal. She had done it. She had killed herself.

	Chapter 2

Amanda moved in, moved away from Jay, from her expired life, she couldn't remember the exact sequence. She cooked, cleaned, modelled. He paid her cash every week. Glorious fucking cash. Fuck you, income tax, I am the Manatee now. 
He was sometimes cruel, a bit sadistic, cheeky maybe. It was fresh and delicious. She slept with him when he wanted, without having full sex. He never tried to force the issue. If he had wanted more she wouldn't have stopped him anyway, despite their differences. He respected her in a way. Whatever. 
She made him food, not experimental gourmet food like the things he made, but meals made with the skills of self-preservation living with a fat mother had taught her. There was no shortage of ingredients in his pantry, it was like he lived for moments. Not just food, he savoured everything, even knowledge. She lapped up every bit of information he shared and plied his mind for more. 
He seemed to know everyone, everyone important. And more importantly everyone with a bit of money. He always knew about the little details, the things that weren't important but were secretly important, like how to talk with agents. 
Her body became his tool. He knew the names of her muscles, how they worked, why they failed. Muscles and animal flesh were his tools for his art and he used them to get exactly what he wanted. He told her what to eat and how to exercise to sculpt her body in the right places. Amanda let him, after all, this was only temporary.
Zen was a chubby guy, not unpleasant, but not a hypocrite either. Occasionally he spanked her and laughed if she did something wrong or couldn't find a pose for an emotion, or if she messed up her make-up. It was so hot when he did that the first time she almost climaxed, but she never let him know. They had a kind of fun.
The food. Oh my god she had not tasted food like it in her life. Courgettes from France in a little wooden box, delivered on an old motorbike by an old stoat with a yellow beard. Chocolate ice cream from heaven. Strange and tangy salad leaves bought from a tiny shop she had never seen with dark counters and gold lettering on the door, bundled with olives so large she could barely fit them in her mouth. Wine. Wine every night. Wine with vintages, not sell-by dates. For the first time Amanda tasted life. A real life, not the shitty rat-cage life of waitressing and flats and asshole mothers with cigarette butts and cheap booze. Poor animals were alcoholics, rich animals were lush, Zen said. 
Her mother hadn't phoned and Amanda didn't care. I hope she's dead from starvation. Wishful thinking though, it would take that fat bitch twenty years to starve to death.

Monday came and so did a test shoot for Audrey magazine, a little online magazine with a few cool things. Boutique, they would call it, meaning it was a housewife's pet project. But housewives had little bits of money to spare in their entrepreneurial ways. Zen arranged it as a practice session. A test. To see if she had that magical something so indefinable, so important it was the difference between selling millions of products and animals losing jobs. 
She wasn't ready for print yet. So much hinged on so little, one photo could change lives, or destroy them. No wonder the industry was fake, controlled. But it was art too. Emotions were bought and sold in rat markets animals thought were fashion shows. 
Zen went to the park every day for lunch, leaving her to arrange with Audrey's shoot director. They sent a car for her. A car, with a driver – a little old church-mouse with grey fur and a chequered cap. He was so adorable she wanted to cover him in chocolate and eat him. In the back seat of his car rested a little package for her tied up with a lace bow. Just for her. No doubt Audrey had printed out the little card herself, and done the ribbon herself, you know, to be arty, to keep herself busy. Samples from Givenchy, little bottles of fragrance from Chanel. Chocolates with a logo she had never seen before. The leather on the back seat was black, and so soft. Celebrities had fucked on this seat, she could feel it. 
The gay lark at the studio door was a delightful cliché of turtleneck and attitude, he fawned over her, took her to the studio and made her feel like a million dollars while he bitched about his colleagues. Coffee and more bitchiness about his partner and tweet-tweeting over make-up together. 
It was a plain shoot, just a simple theme with a white background where all Amanda had to do was stand around modelling products. Nothing challenging. Stock photos. But she learned her first modelling tip.
"Don't stand with your legs crossed, honey, it makes you look like you need to pee." 
Amanda uncrossed her legs and stood with one knee bent.
"Beautiful. Very ballet. Keep being ballet." The camp photographer clicked away while she followed his chirping instructions. "Did you know that in cave paintings when they painted an animal with their legs crossed it's a symbol of death? That's because antelopes cross their legs when they die."
"I definitely don't want to look dead," she told the photographer, as if it was an option. Amanda over-strengthened her pose where she stood, her paws on her hips.
"I love it! Keep doing that. Confront me." The lark snapped away while the bright lights blinded Amanda to everything except the camera's all-seeing lens.
When the shoot was over the other birds chattered and talked around the laptop screen, ignoring Amanda. She felt discarded, like a used tampon. She left through the back door and took a bus back to Zen. Light rain and mist reflected the street-lamps on the street, the bus hissed on the road like it was sailing on a calm ocean. The sexiness of the shoot and the silent travel in the mist, her head on her arms looking out the window while she listened to music. Wonderful. Fresh. 
20 minutes later she was home.
~
You learn tricks from other models. An extra spoon of sugar in your coffee. Up to 5 spoons now, it was better than cocaine and stopped her craving for bread. Eat ice cream and salad, Zen told her. Sugar and starch combine to form fat. Don't eat sugar and starch together and you will stay thin, but eat them apart and you can pig out without gaining an ounce. Potatoes were mostly water, no need to purge. Pee often. Water sits in your ankles. Jogging with bottled water, not to be pretentious, but to stop from drinking too much at a time. 
To get in shape she tool a pole dancing class at a fitness studio in town and had cigarettes afterwards with the instructor who hit on her while talking about all men being scumbags. The pole dance instructor was an amateur model. Amanda was curious.
"Have you heard of a photographer called Zen?"
"Sure. Bit of a pervert I hear. Best to stay away. He likes to prey on pups. They all do. Fucking males."
"Did you ever shoot with him?"
"No. We chatted once. He never asked me. He was a bit forward, and I know he has a bit of a reputation so I didn't ask him either. Who knows what might happen?"
Amanda didn't tell her where she was living, just laughed inside. It could so easily have been the dancer in his home. She was beautiful, but intense. Amanda left while the pole dancer twirled alone on her pole. It was such an obvious image, so blatantly phallic, but Amanda would bet her second modelling pay-check that the dancer would deny it until she died.
Amanda kept her distance from the world and kept herself busy with coffee and walks in town. No one knew her. Nothing had really changed in her personality since moving in with Zen, but her face started appearing in small places. A little ad here, a product package there.
The small shoots became an endless cycle. Make-up, fur, light check, dressing, shooting, undressing, shooting, touch-up, fur, coffee. Fake smiles and pretentious fuck-heads with cameras. Lens monkeys. 

Amanda sat and waited in a dusty garage while the amateur photographer she had contacted through an ad in the paper fumbled nervously with his camera. He was trying to get the exposure to work, but no combination of settings would make his camera take anything but blurry or dull shots. Impatient, Amanda stood up and dragged his only studio light to the front of the garage where he was standing.
“Hey, what are you doing?”
“This is wrong, you’re going to make me look old with your strobe under my chin like that. We need to fill in my flaws with light." She walked towards him. "Move,” she said. The young photographer moved out the way and Amanda dragged the light squarely in front of the set he had built with a piece of cloth and a stick. She loosened the pivot on the light stand and pointed the light upwards to bounce off the low ceiling.
“But that won’t work, it's too weak. I want it to be dramatic.”
“No, you want it to be sexy. Trust me, you will get more pups to suck your dick with sexy photos than with dramatic photos. Make it look like their bathroom, because that’s where they look their best. That’s where they learn to love themselves.” 
The young photographer, motives fully exposed, stood and watched as Amanda pulled a small table under the soft-box attached to his strobe. She took his camera out of his paws, and adjusted the aperture and the shutter speed.
“This aperture is way too small for what you need, I’m too far back, there’s no depth of field. Here,” Amanda pawed him the camera, “put the camera on the table for now, then go out tomorrow and buy a tripod and a neutral density filter.”
“Okay,” he said and placed the camera on the table, directly under the light. Amanda return to he seat, pulling her chair further forward until she was a portrait in his field of view. He pushed the button and an image appeared on the LCD at the back of his camera. It took him a few seconds to react.
“Jesus,” he said, and scribbled the settings in his notepad.
“Good, I’m happy with that," Amanda said, peering over his shoulder and making him jump, "I look hot. Now, do you want me clothed or naked for the next shot? Because I didn’t shave my pussy for nothing.”
After the shoot Amanda shook his paw and said thank you before putting her clothes back on. He shakingly counted out her money and an extra £60 tip. As Amanda was leaving the nervous photographer tripped over his feet and dropped his camera, cracking the lens, (Nikon 50mm Prime, £180) but he just smiled and waved at her as she walked to the bus. 
Worth it, he thought, absolutely fucking worth it.
~
Every town in the world was infested with thousands of amateur photographers trying their luck with models. GWCs they were called. Just some Goat With a Camera hoping to get a pup naked. Their main competition was the army of teenage pups with cameras their parents bought them because they had finally showed an interest in something besides suicide. The teenage pups also spent their time trying to get models naked, all the while dreaming of being fashion photographers for Vogue and Marie Claire. The GWCs and the teenage pups all thought they were a hot commodity because they had a logo – and then one by one gave up three months later when the world didn’t paw them a fortune and a tiara. The supply of fresh photographers never dwindled, an endless source of small money available for any amateur model with flexible inhibitions intent on making the most of every hour.
Besides the amateur photographers, every town also harboured drunk football jocktards with expensive cameras and cheap lenses and no ideas. Pup on white background. Pup in dress. Pup taking off the dress. And the worst of them all, pup on motorbike.
Oh my God, males with bikes are tedious, Amanda thought after bruising her crotch sitting on a bike all day, they just brag how they will protect a model from all the other males. Amanda guessed they were trying desperately to cover up their own creepiness by being a White Knight. 
Whatever. She took their money too. If Zen said go, she went.
Somewhere along the way she lost her shyness. Clothed. Naked. Legs crossed, legs open. Same shit, different lens. Art. Pictures. Body. Make-up. No make-up. It was all modelling.
~
Her first shoot with Zen left Amanda reeling emotionally, and she understood why he had not photographed her soon after they met. He required experience, the experience to listen to instructions and the discipline to move a millimetre at a time without losing the pose. He was a different beast behind the camera, precise, refined. If he needed her paw slightly moved he would reach in and move it. Amanda felt like a canvas, she had not met a genius before, but now she knew why he spent late nights in his study photographing naked Barbie dolls and painting paws and feet. Every nuance, every toe and glance was important to him. He knew how to get what he wanted from her, from the make-up artist, from each fold of fabric. He didn't need fancy lights or the best camera. He just used what was there and made magic. 
He took a drop of fur-dye and turned a glass of water into wine. He raised a light up towards the ceiling and dropped a piece of cardboard covered in tinfoil on the floor and suddenly the studio was bathed in moonlight. A few cigarettes thrust in the mouth of everyone at the studio created a soft mist.
When her nerves calmed down she never felt like she had to force a pose with him; he made her react. There was no start or end to his shoot, just a flow through hello to art to goodbye. He conned and manipulated her into poses before she realised what she had done. He surprised her with little things he said, astute observations about her life, and he directed her body until she was perfect. Zen also left her space to play and have fun and be a pup. He knew everything about her, he asked her intimate questions while they worked and she spoke about things she had never told anyone. He could manipulate her body like a puppet without touching her, and the thing that caught her by surprise the most was he could make her feel on command. 
Love for me. Cry for me. Be a desolate nymph with a dark past with a naughty streak. 
Yes sir. 
Be a bad schoolmouse. 
Way ahead of you, I'll just remember the spankings you gave me last week. 
Be a judging widow walking angrily in the forest swishing this red dress. 
No problem, I'll copy the sad pole dancer I met.
Feel happy. 
No problem. 
Feel overwhelmed. 
Easily referenced. 
Whatever emotions he wanted just came through. She felt her face move at his command, her paws accentuating each pose without her trying to control it.
His ugliness. He told her one night after a shoot that his looks were part of his secret formula. When a female responded to him it was because she had given control to his art, not because she wanted something or because he wanted something. He was an artist, and the GWCs tried to follow, but always fell short. Because they think that it is an improvement to do things my way, he said, but they're wrong, it's just a diversion while I get you to open up.
Every time one of his images went online thousands of similar ones cropped up on model websites and in foreign fashion magazines. Other big photographers copied each other too, and Amanda watched through the media how they rippled against each other, pushing and pulling for the world's attention, searching for that next iconic image. 
~
The art world fascinated Amanda. Before meeting Zen she had no idea how intertwined and incestuous art and fashion were. Amanda now spent more time in galleries than she had done her entire life. She surfed the art studios as a student and as a model, rode them to the shore, and waded out and did it again.
It was not just fashion modelling that paid her bills, she tried art modelling at a local college, standing naked in front of students fresh from high school; some of them had never seen a naked pup before. It is my honour to break your ocular hymen.
She did commercial modelling for a stock photographer who was so obsessed with products he treated animals like tools, never using their name, ignoring them as soon as his final shot was done. 
Amanda experimented with her look and her style with a lot of amateurs, while each photographer tried to be unique she tried to create the best art with whatever they threw at her. 
 Every hour she was not earning she was losing, so she filled her hours with cheaper work and gradually traded each cheap hour for more expensive hours. It made sense. A business lesson in Zen economics. If she had been left to her own ideas she would have only pursued the one highest job and left the others. 
Take it all, Zen said, the small and the large. You get rich off the small money, the large money is just a bonus.
Amanda discovered that the fashion industry ran on the illusion of adolescence. She learned to act like a teenager even off camera, flirting with everyone without giving away anything real. Being a model didn't just stop after a shoot, it wasn't something she could turn off when there were prospective clients around. 
Amanda learned the unwritten rules – never tell anyone you're in a relationship unless it's with a celebrity, give them hope and they will give you money. If you can't give them hope give them gossip. Gossip is free publicity. Never go anywhere with someone prettier than you or they will get your jobs and your media attention. Never hide your paws in a shoot, your paws say more about you than your face. Be ballet, be punk, be whatever they want, but be perfect.
Every person she met thought they were original, each brand, each photographer, each iPhone carrying Advertising Executive with a gay assistant, trying desperately to be original, but it was all the same. They were all an imitation of each other. If there was a true source of art Amanda had not seen it yet.

Amanda and Zen stood smoking after a shoot for a small cosmetic product from America, just a simple product shoot, but Zen had put his own twist on it.
"I've been watching you," he said, blowing smoke in her direction.
"Have you? Dirty old lion," Amanda replied, blowing her smoke to play within his.
"You, jellybean, are almost ready for a show." 
Don't call me jelly bean you condescending fuck, Amanda thought. Wow, where did that come from?
~
Most models worked the beauty circuit competing for small prizes. Miss Lower East Side, Miss Small Town, Miss Strip Mall. Amanda entered a pageant and didn't even make the second round of judging. That hurt hard, being judged in public by mini mall managers, failed models with too much make-up and Botox and daughters also in the pageant who could never live up to their mother's expectations. Models and mothers, always trying to destroy each other. 
After the pageant Amanda overheard another model's mother chide her daughter, "There, there, sweetheart, you'll get the job next time, the other cats are just so much skinnier than you, perhaps we need to get you on a new diet."
The kitten broke down in tears. "What about the agency we went to?" She sobbed against her mother's shoulder.
"You don't want to do the wrong sort of jobs, dear, you must never compromise. That agent had a very cheap car, dear, he won't be the right one for you," the mother replied.
All around the pageant the losing felines hung around morosely, putting on a fake smile whenever the winner walked around with her trophy. 
~
The pageant coordinators phoned her the next Monday and asked her to model for a show, just a small-town fashion show for the mall, but the animals running it acted like it was opening evening at New York Fashion Week. She took the bus to the mall and found the makeshift runway and change-room in the central food court. 
The wooden change-room was covered in cloth, a thin piece acted as a roof barely hiding the models getting changed from the animals on the second floor. The piece of cloth that was hung as a door occasionally folded open, to the awkwardness of the models and humour of the animals walking past.
Amanda sat in the change-room. Everything was moving, changing, a changing room. She looked around and a line of clothes slid away, replaced by another. Mall clothes, jeans and generic tops with no detail. Cheap imports, knock-offs from China that were produced in India for even less. 
Amanda sweated under the itchy polyester shirt, a red blouse from a no-name brand. Poly Cotton, it said, but even the cotton was fake, it glinted under the spotlight in the room. The clothes were fragile, stitches already coming loose after Amanda unfolded them. It was a trial to put on some of the outfits without ripping them.
A stylist of sorts worked the show, a rabbit who probably worked at one of the stores and volunteered to work Saturday just to break the endless monotony of retail. No one knew what order the models and outfits were supposed to appear, too many bosses shouted orders. Models tried to get changed behind rails without revealing their gender to the other models and passing customers.
Idiots, Amanda thought, you're actually just trying to get attention. Occasionally one would shriek if a male walked near. 
Amanda changed in front of the rail where there was space, and heard the others snigger and talk and oh-my-god at her bare boobs and bum. Body issues were everywhere.
Every model carried a bottle of water, the universal symbol of 'I'm trying really hard to be perfect, but...'
Chaos, everyone rushing around panicking because the show was running late. Everyone was in charge except Amanda, she just sat and listened while someone blow-dried her fur and did her make-up. It looked worse after they finished. Whatever. Amanda just smiled at the circus around her.
Now and again someone would come and give her instructions, who to look at, who was sitting where, what to show to who. Rodger Meyer is in seat 5, he's buying teen skirts for GAP this season. 
Ha ha, I can be a skirt. 
5 Minutes later someone else would come and tell the dressing assistant to ignore the previous instructions because it was actually Daniel Meyer sitting in the back row, buying tops for Best Buy this season 
Amanda waited and just let the chaos wash over her. Zen had warned her no one knew what was going on and hopefully just before she went on stage someone would figure out what she must do. 
The fashion show was like a boxing match, each model sitting in her corner while her stylist prepped her for the fight ahead. The models were prize fighters, psyching themselves up for physical endurance, while the trainers dabbed them with towels and gave sideways glances at the opposing fighters.
Other models sat texting, taking selfies and uploading them to all the social networks Amanda could not afford to be on. She did not even have her phone with her. 
I have 30 seconds to seduce a whole crowd. No pressure.


	Chapter 3

There are animals in life that seem destined to cross paths, and not for good reasons but for what seems like the sadistic joy of a greater being. It so happened that at Amanda's first runway show, amateurish though it was, she met a feline who truly terrified her. 
The models sat waiting for the second round of frenzy, a double show with every store showcasing its old stock, when Amanda spilled a little dab of blue nail-polish on another model's dress. As Amanda tried to catch the drip another small splash spilled onto the cat's neck. The other model, a feline 300 feet tall, clearly from an upper-class family, gave out a loud shriek and started what appeared to be a panic attack, waving her paws frantically in the air.
Oh-my-God, her life was ruined, how dare Amanda do this to her, Amanda had done it on purpose. 
Amanda apologised, but it was a small and insignificant apology and the blue-stained cat clearly wanted some greater judgement for the vile crime.
Amanda took a tissue and tried to wipe off the spot. This was a bad move as it turned out – the spot turned into a smear. Dress ruined. No great loss to the fashion world, but the model erupted in a tantrum of grand scale.
"What the actual..." But there was no time for more tantrums, they were swept up in the chaos of the show.
Amanda walked behind the other model with the speck of blue on her dress, felt her slow down, trying to trip Amanda as they turned. Amanda sidestepped the foot, walking on the very edge of the creaking wooden panel. Passive aggressive tendencies must be in season this year, Amanda thought, before she disappeared back-stage.
Amanda had money. Not a lot, not even enough, but actual money of her own and no debt. Those little pockets of money that rolled in were better than any salary. She pulled down the black shoebox from her cupboard and tipped her money out onto the bed, almost £500 in cash. Amanda had wanted to spend it but Zen was quite stingy when he wanted to be. 
"Do you think I need new shoes?" She asked him during a breakfast of melon and strawberry.
"No, you have shoes." 
"Come on, they're so pretty."
"Save your money and buy me a new camera." 
"Funny." He kept his camera up to date and well serviced. The lens alone cost more than a small car.
"And you owe me rent. Not much, but you should get used to paying your way."
"Yes, dad." 
She bought a new hat, a copy of the one she wore to Zen on the first day of her new life. The old hat had bad karma and Amanda never wore it. She still hadn't taken it back. 
Another mall show was coming up and she wanted to prepare, to really do well this time. It was a bigger show, with fittings and meetings and colour-matching make-up tests. Unlike the generic garments from previous shows this time she recognised two of the brands she'd be wearing.
	Chapter 4

It was an innocent bump. The staff queuing outside the mall service entrance stood in disarray, smoking and gossiping in nervous anticipation for the show. Amanda backed into the tall feline behind her by accident, but some animals take things very seriously, even innocent bumps. 
"Watch where you're going, shortarse!" Amanda turned away, doing what she always did – avoiding confrontation.
"Hey, I'm talking to you!" The feline, obviously another model now that Amanda saw her clearly, was not going to let it go. Domination by the alpha bitch.
"Sorry, my fault." Amanda's meek voice made the ice queen sneer. 
"Fucking pay attention."
Amanda thought she would dilute the situation, after all they were going to be working together. "Are you a model too?" She asked.
"Are you fucking serious?" Tall Bitch turned to her friend, another tall model. "Jesus, the agency must be desperate." The other feline sniggered. 
Oh shit, that face. She was the blue nail-polish feline from the previous show. Amanda's tormentor ignored her and Amanda decided not to press the issue. An unseen paw opened the doors and the cleaning crew, stylists, and models shuffled inside. The organisers, no doubt, would not have to degrade themselves like the servants and would be paw-delivered to the venue by snooty drivers. No one seemed excited. 
This was a show! Amanda thought, how can animals contain themselves? 
Amanda didn't usually try to make friends but she felt that an accomplice, or at least a witness, might come in pawsy if there was another run-in with Miss Congeniality. The staff wandered around looking for a sign or someone who knew what was going on. This was going to be chaos, but it was a step forward. Bigger chaos. Baby steps. 
They found the room where the models would get ready, a tiny, dirty room with floor cleaner stacked in the corner. A meagre rail of clothes took up one wall. There were one too few chairs for the fur and make-up artists. There was no changing room as usual. 
The tall bitch was holding a takeaway coffee in one paw and a bottle of water in the other. 
"Oh my God, can you believe this rat-hole?" 
She wasn't wrong, Amanda conceded. She had seen school pageants with better facilities and considering this was the biggest mall in the city one would expect at least some luxury. 
A small, fattish sheep with messy blonde wool walked in carrying a clipboard. The models sat in their chairs, waiting for the stylists to begin their ritual. Except Amanda, she stood in front of the tiny mirror at the scene of the missing chair. 
Lost. One Chair. Last seen under some rich pup's ass. No reward, if you find it, burn it. 
The short sheep made a point of ignoring the situation and pawed out notes to the stylists. There were no pictures, just a list of clothes that had to appear together. Naturally everything had changed since rehearsals. It looked like the sheep had spent exactly 2 minutes on the style sheet. Amanda counted 10 models including herself. 
Two male models were given suits, naturally. Very creative and oh so original, thought Amanda. No wonder males went insane and killed each other, they had no real way to express themselves. Fashion saved lives.
It could have been worse, they could have been given underwear only, like the last few shows she had been to. Short, fat organisers with blonde curly wool and wandering paws were the dirty old males of the amateur modelling circuit. 
Amanda wondered if it was different for the male models, or if they just hid their emotions better. If a male had let his paws wander over the female models he would probably end up in kangaroo court or beaten up by the model's mate. The male models would just be expected to laugh about it and take it.
"And where is your chair, darling?" 
Don't call me darling, Amanda thought. "I don't know? Not my circus, not my monkeys." Something Zen would say. Curly sheep was not impressed.
"Go and fetch one. Down the hall in the store room." Amanda cringed internally but took mental stock. It's just a chair, don't let it affect you. Don't become a prima donna. 
There were no signs on the doors along the long corridor. She walked around a corner and spotted an old gorilla cleaning the floor with a dirty mop.
"Hi, I need a chair." Mr Mop ignored her. Amanda tapped him on the shoulder and he jerked in fright and looked up. He brushed away the long, dirty and greying fur from his face, revealing a chubby, middle aged gorilla with a silver beard. He wore a wife beater shirt (Target, £3.30 for 2). Amanda decided to add paw signals. "Chair? For the fashion show models?" She made sitting gestures, or something not unlike a crazy pup pointing at her ass. He judged her from head to toe and motioned her to follow him. They turned down a dark corridor, his gorilla gait and manner oddly sexy. In the old jungle he would be the leader of the troupe, here in the concrete jungle animals used him like animal garbage. He opened a door to reveal a few chairs stacked against a wall. Amanda pulled one off the stack and turning around stared straight into the great ape's glare.
He pulled her to the wall, pulled down her tights, and had his way with her. Just like that. It was over so quickly she had no idea what to feel. Was this rape? Seduction? A quickie? Or a misunderstanding based on vulgar gestures? Amanda's limited sexual history was of no use. It was what it was, an innocent bump.
~
Amanda ran back with the plastic chair. She needed to go to the bathroom, and fast. She ran past a small staff toilet near the change room, ducked inside and quickly cleaned up the gorilla's mess with some cheap toilet paper, brittle against her skin. She walked calmly back into the changing room with her plastic trophy and sat down in front of the mirror. Nothing strange here, just went to get a chair. 
Mrs Curly was moaning at her about something to do with smudged makeup but it did not register. A stylist pulled at her fur and rubbed in some Beauty Barn Magic Mousse (£2.99). The mousse smelled of medical soap and cheap imports. The make-up artist made her way to Amanda and put on too many layers of everything in her make-up case. 
You are a real artist, Amanda thought, the Jackson Pollock of make-up. Drizzle me beautiful.
 Amanda could still smell the gorilla, she dabbed at her sweat with a tissue, trying to remove the scent of him. Behind her the female models moved the rails of clothes together to form a makeshift changing booth. It didn't hide much but probably made them feel like they weren't cheap, Amanda guessed. Mrs Curly pawed her a pink dress one size too small. Amanda could feel the sheep's inner loathing at the huge fat model sitting in the chair, one entire size too big and one entire foot too short. 
How did you get here, darling? 
Just like everyone else – I took my clothes off for the right person, old hag.
The stylist brought her outfit, an awful pink wool dress with shoulder pads and skinny drop, an eighties throwback that should have stayed back. Curly sheep was starting to get frantic at the models who were not taking the event seriously. Amanda stood up and undressed completely, ignoring the other cats as they looked away from her and murmured to their friends with rolling eyes. The male models didn't even notice; the tall tom with dark and brooding eyebrows, god, what a cliché, was too absorbed with adjusting his blonde partner's collar. All they needed was some guitar music in the background, and a tent. 
She quickly pulled on the dress and pressed down the badly engineered folds, eyeing herself in the mirror. Not much was going to help this thing, it needed a whole lot of padding around the chest area, but it would probably sell by the hundreds to teenagers with no dress sense and mom's credit-card. 
Other delays in the production line, Mrs Curly had slipped out for a smoke and a model was crying. 
"I paid £200 for my fur and now this idiot has ruined it. I have a shoot later, now what am I going to do? I can't have an important shoot with fur like this." Everyone ignored her complaints. "I'm so humiliated," she said, looking around for sympathy. The stylist murmured an apology, but Tall Bitch started yelling at the fur-stylist. The fur-stylist curled up her body like a flower and apologised over and over. It wouldn't help, there was probably a lawsuit coming her way.
Curly reappeared and started yelling at them to get ready. Amanda had no idea what the walking plan was, no doubt she would be briefed at literally the last second, and it would change twice before she reached the end of the stage. Rehearsals were for amateurs, apparently. 
She took a breath. Find peace. Inner Zen. 
Her mind drifted back to the gorilla, his imposing maleness was going to haunt her. He was the anti-Zen. Love with a bucket and a mop. She hoped the gorilla would not be there when the show was over. She hoped he would not hit on her and ask her out and get whiny and pathetic. That would be worse. 
Curly was delegating at her. "Could you take this to Letitia, she's the one on the end. I want to have a quick fag." Amanda took the opened bottle. 
Sure, I can carry this for you, lazy cow. 
Amanda wandered around looking at the racks and clothes lying on the floor. Chaos covered the floor in clothes and discarded shoes, leaving little space to move. She stepped over someone's bag and caught her foot on the strappy bag.
Oh shit, going down. 
She fell face first into the model's lap. The bottle spilled over the queen's face and fur and Amanda smelled a familiar chemical – hydrogen peroxide combination dye – extra strength fur bleach #71(£16.20). She looked up from the tensed lap to see Tall Bitch's face covered in blue, a gaping black hole of a mouth tensed in a silent scream. She felt the shuddering of the queen build up under her and erupt in a silent volcano. This was not going to end well. The screams echoed down the hall. 
"You did this on purpose, you bitch! You short cunt! My father will sue you for everything you have. My fur is ruined. My face! It's burning!" 
To Amanda this seemed like she was taking stock. My MAC. My GHD. My ruined dreams and my dashed hopes. It was pretty bad though. The blue bleach solution meant for tinting the tips of fur in one application had etched itself into Tall Bitch's face. Amanda took stock of the damage. Ruined fur, swollen eye caused by an allergic reaction, ruined dress and underwear. And a face stained with chemicals.
Why so blue, chum?
Amanda, to her own surprise, started laughing. It was all too much. The sexual encounter, the chaos, now the screaming Smurfette. The louder Tall Bitch screamed the louder Amanda laughed. The others stood around the accident scene waiting for professionals to arrive.
Not bloody likely in this rat's nest, Amanda thought and laughed louder.
Tall Bitch was hysterical now and started hitting Amanda with her limp paws. Amanda hardly felt the blows, the queen probably had been starving herself for weeks to be the thinnest thing at the show. One of the male models, Mr Smouldering Eyebrows, put his muscles to good use and held back the screaming blue mess. 
He was a perfect specimen indeed, short black fur, lionesque chin, startling eyes, and a perfect V torso. An alpha if ever there was one. He glanced at Amanda and winked, clearly trying not to smile. This took Amanda by surprise, she didn't expect to find an ally here in the war zone.
"I'm so sorry," Amanda lied. Jeez what a fuckup. This might be it, this might be the end of the road for me. Amanda sobered from the laughing fit. What now? 
Curly walked in, cigarette in hoof. She stood paralysed for a few seconds and then her jaw dropped open and her eyes rolled and she started yelling out orders. Get water. Get cloths. Get a medic. But there was nothing to be done for the tall blue bitch, standing shaking in the chemical spill as it ate away at her skin. Still, the show must go on and they were very late. 
Blue ran out of the room and Curly ushered Amanda into the chair, the scene of the crime. Three minutes later they were lining up, Blue Bitch nowhere to be seen. She'd be on the phone to her lawyer, no doubt. Best make the most of my freedom while I have it. Could a lawyer really end her career? Amanda had no idea how it all worked. Wait and see. 
Five minutes later they were ready to go out, most of the make-up was on their faces and most of the clothes were pinned and taped and even stapled to make them look like a perfect fit.
The music started, some obscure club tune thumping through the thin walls of the room, an announcer welcomed the crowds to this new and exciting range. Amanda entered the runway first and began her approach. Her landing lights were on, she thought. Nipples hard as frikkin' rocks. Wave me in, DJ, I'm ready to land. The flashing cameras blinded her, she couldn't see a single person, just shadows. It was over before she knew it.
But it went ok, she thought, she almost turned the wrong way at the entrance to the walkway but remembered her instructions and did what looked so easy to the audience – make cheap clothes look like a million dollars. She strode back to the entrance as other models strode past and ignored each other.
Don't break the fourth wall. Don't break the illusion. Focus. Be perfect. Be stoic. Be fashion. 
After the models were done, the designer led them onto the runway with Amanda in the lead, not because she was the leader, but because of her position in the changing room. Photographers snapped at her like a pack of hungry, barking dogs. There was a brief applause from the audience and just like that it was over. All those weeks of hard work and chaos for a few moments of climax. All things considered not a bad show, Amanda thought. Just easy walking. An idiot could do it. 
~
Blue Bitch was waiting for her outside, with an even taller feline, obviously her mother because they had the same fur style, although this feline lacked that stylish blue stain across one eye that was so in-fashion nowadays. Letitia's eye did not look good, instead of going to a hospital she had waited to let her mother loose on Amanda. 
There were Words. Amanda ignored them all, still high from the show. The Words floated in through the haze from far away and fell around Amanda like summer blossoms after the rain. Tall Bitch and Mother Bitch were both shouting, they insulted every detail of Amanda's anatomy and personality.
Heard it all before, darlings, and it's probably mostly true. I am short, I do have small breasts, my ears do stick out, my lips do look funny and I do have a stupid gap in my front teeth. I do look like an idiot and I am not clever, not really. And I have no dress sense, it's true. I am not elegant, maybe, and I am a very clumsy elephant. Almost an entire size too big for my height. The shame. 
It was liberating to know who she was and yet still be able to dazzle a crowd. Amanda felt the high start to taper, still, not even these two wildcats were going to bring her down tonight. Amanda smiled at them, turned and walked out to the bus. Fuck you, ladies, fuck you very much.
~
To Amanda's surprise there were no consequences to her accident. A nagging feeling of having an enemy, but no one had her private number, no one tried to call and sue the pants off her, not surprising since she had not given her number to anyone.
"Don't ever let anyone know the real you," Zen said, "always be a mystery."
There was so little of the real Amanda in the real world it would take a master private investigator and a team of hounds to find her. If anyone wanted money from her she didn't have much to give them anyway.
The mall paid her the next day in cash in a little envelope, they preferred models to act as freelancers for tax reasons. Amanda picked up her pay early to avoid confrontation with any tall models who might be lurking around. Modelling money. Money made from modelling.
She spent her money on clothes and food and on a day out, and she bought Zen a nice cake from a bakery that was open late. He would love it with his tea. But she would dance for him first, she had the need to be appreciated. The last thoughts of the gorilla and the blue cat drifted from her mind. 
She was ready for the next adventure.
~
"So I'll pick you up later?"
"Okay, eight o'clock?"
"Yeah. Wear something backless, I want to show you off." Click.
Amanda leaned out from the bathroom where she had been bleaching the tips of her fur. "Hey Zen, I'm going out tonight." She could smell the magical aroma of Zen baking bread.
 Her new smouldering friend had found her number from her agent and asked her out. An actual decent guy was asking her out, things were looking up. He had obviously seen how horrible Tall Bitch was and connected with her during the bleach spill.
"You're not here for supper? I'm cooking lamb stew. You know you love dead youth." The joke didn't register.
"Sorry, it's a model party thing." 
"Can't believe I'm not invited. Fine. Have fun." Zen put his head down and carried on kneading the dough. 
Was he angry? Who knew. Well she was going out tonight and she would hang out with animals her own age and it was going to be awesome, so whatever.
Mr Smouldering Eyebrows, Clyde McDonald, picked her up 20 minutes late. Oh my god he was wearing an American baseball jacket, a white shirt, perfectly ironed, and tan Bermuda shorts. Spitz and Marr, $66, imported. A rich tom. They made small talk in his car, a Mercedes coupé, worth at least a trillion dollars.
"Is this yours?"
"Obviously. Got it from a dealer in town, my dad does business with the guy. It's not what you know, you know?" 
Oh absolutely, Mr Smoulder. Amanda laughed internally. Car guys. They were obsessed with tire pressure and clean brakes, and Amanda couldn't even drive. She wasn't a rich pup, heck she had just enough bus money to get home, but she felt safe here. No doubt this male had females lining up to be taken on dates, but he seemed sweet enough and Amanda felt warm and comfortable near him.
He put his arm around her chair, casually steering while his elbow hung out the window. 
"How was that show, huh? Crazy shit. Can't believe you did that to Letitia." 
"It was an accident." 
He raised his beautiful eyebrows at her. "How long you been modelling, babe?" 
Babe. Am I his babe? Oh. My. God.
"I've only been modelling a few months. Zen got me some jobs."
"Who?"
"Zen? You know, famous photographer?"
"Never heard of him. My agency is Ice, you know them, they're decent. Got me a lot of gigs, high paying shit, not the cheap shit." 
Okay. I think I know all there is to know about you, Clyde. Or do I? Maybe he was hiding something behind those strong cheekbones and fur product. He is a beautiful tom, no doubt. Completely opposite to Jason. Wow, that relationship was a lifetime ago. 
I need to make this work, she thought, this tom might be useful later on. Amanda immediately hated herself for thinking like that. He was not a toy, not a step up.
They arrived at the party, the large house rose proudly over the trees in a suburb filled with mansions with large gardens. A fairytale fantasy house, and here she was with her fairytale babe. This was nice, at least the alcohol at this party would be decent. He was on his phone as they walked in, and Amanda remembered how she had been when she met Zen. Of course he would be on his phone, it was a symbol of wealth in this world. They lived on the surface here, always putting on a show. This tom would never need a Zen, he would never need to reach deep within himself and find out who he was, to open the doors of his mind. But that was okay, depth was overrated. Beauty opened doors in the real world.
They moved to the balcony where everyone was drinking, reminding Amanda of a school party, which in a way it was. Everyone was beautiful and immaculately dressed. No dogs invited to this show, sorry, Rover and Spot.
But wait, am I really one of them now? Amanda felt out of her depth, but this was important, a step in her career as important as shows and shoots and managers. Amanda tried to speak to Clyde, but the music and the alcohol and his general aloofness made it impossible. She had to try to get him alone, to really connect with him. She pulled him to the dance floor and moved around him, trying to penetrate his defences. A few of his friends walked over and he ignored her dancing and chatted to them. 
Fine, this is a party, maybe I'm being too needy. God, I don't want to be one of those pups, hanging on to her mate in quiet desperation.
"Hey, we're going back to the balcony, get me a Martini from the bar, won't you, babe?"
"Okay. Where is the... " but the toms were gone. Okay, a mission. I shall carry it out perfectly and be the perfect angel, babe.
She found the bar and ordered a Martini from the barman. He twirled the bottle for her, putting on a show in his black pants and bow tie and nothing else except a tanned sixpack. 
He poured the Martini expertly, added an olive, and gave Amanda the drink. "Hey, there, that's 18 Pounds."
"What? 18 Pounds for a Martini? I thought the drinks were free here." 
A red-headed cat standing next to her at the bar leaned over and said, "Not in this neighbourhood. They get you coming and going." He was staring at her. 
Please don't hit on me. Not now.
He reached out his paw in introduction. "Gareth." Amanda reached out and shook his paw weakly.
"Amanda. And I need to be out there." She pointed at the models on the balcony.
"With them? Oh, okay." He looked instantly annoyed with her, or angry even. Strange looking mouse, rough around the edges, out of place here with the pristine models. Amanda's curiosity bubbled over.
"Are you a model too?"
"Ha ha, fuck no, I rent one of the rooms. I'm studying to be a computer mouse." Amanda didn't laugh at his joke. Another guy addicted to a machine. That would explain the scruffy beard. And the scruffy clothes. Slight belly. A loser. Another Jay. Fuck that rat shit.
Amanda looked back at the toms on the balcony, she did not want to look weak in front of them, and she had just enough money to pay for the drink, so whatever. The barman didn't give change. 
Fuck. The last of my precious money gone, better make the most of it. She took a sip. Yup, Martini, nothing special about it to warrant 18 fucking Pounds.
"Sorry, got to go."
"Okay. Look after yourself with the sharks, okay? Those guys play hard." 
Nerds are always so awkward in conversation. Hey, ginger, maybe you should work hard, play hard, then maybe you too can afford a decent fur-cut. She left him to his rat nest and made it to the balcony overlooking the pool without spilling a drop, despite dancers bumping into her several times.
Aha! Ninja model training activated. 
"Hey, babe," Clyde gave Amanda a smile and her knees buckled, "I was just telling the toms what a good model you are." 
Amanda blushed. "Really? Oh, I don't know. I'm still learning." 
One of them took a sip from a bottle of rum with gold flakes in it and pawed it to her. The mild scent of the chlorine gave her a summery holiday feeling, something she had last experienced when she was a little girl. Buckets and fishing nets, running after little fishes in rock pools. She gave the Martini to Clyde and took the luxurious bottle, running her fingers over the wax stamp on the label. The bottle looked like a million dollars. Amanda threw her head back and took a sip.
"Oh god, this is amazing." She glowed with the effect of the drink and wiped her mouth.
"Top quality alcohol, for business or pleasure." Clyde leaned over and pushed a few stray strands of fur behind her ear. 
Oh, Clyde, you are definitely getting head tonight.
The toms chatted with her for a while, she told them about modelling and the battle she had been through to get into the industry because of her height. They let her keep the bottle, refusing to take it with exaggerated yawlps every time she tried to hand it back. She took another swig.
"Oh, yeah, I can totally see that. You're a little shit compared to those tall queens." They laughed, and Amanda joined in, the rum making her dizzy.
Tease me, toms, you know I like it.
"You know what you should do? You should model for us." 
Amanda took a sip of rum. "I don't know about that."
"Come on, be a sport," Clyde meowed, his voice thick and velvety, "Throw us a pose, babe."
Anything for you, babe.
She put her hands on her hips and gave them a pose, and then a few more with her paws framing her head, then behind her back as if she was strolling along the beach, and they cheered their support. Amanda couldn't stop smiling. This is officially the happiest I have ever been. The tall bottle guy with the beautiful blonde fur falling over his shoulders smiled at her and rubbed her arm.
"Hey, you have an amazing body, you know that? You should pose for us in your underwear. Let us have a look at you."
"Funny. You guys are so funny." She could not stand up straight. One of the baseball jacket crowd, she didn't see who, reached behind her and unzipped her dress.
"What are you doing?" She turned around several times to see behind her, chasing her tail.
They all laughed. Clyde didn't stop him so it was obviously just toms joking around. They were all models, after all. The body was the job. Amanda didn't resist.
"Relax, we're just messing around." Bottle guy took the bottle from her.
Amanda was really dizzy now, and she saw her dress on the floor from a long way away.
"Hey, how did that get there?" More laughter. Amanda was vaguely aware of a crowd of toms gathering around her, circling her. Sounds came through muffled and warbled, like a bird trapped underground. Someone shouted at her to take off her bra, and for some reason, maybe to win the approval of the baseball toms, she did. She let out a scream of delight as she grabbed the bottle and held it high above her head. "Fuck yeah, free at last!"
The baseball toms raised their drinks, cheered, and cat-called. She didn't know exactly at what point she was completely naked. The toms stopped dancing and pushed each other out the way to get a look at her while their mollies stood around where the lighting was flattering, sipping their drinks. The baseball toms jostled her into a smoky room.
"Stand on the bed so we can see you better."
I can. Fucking. Do. That. 
Lights were flashing. Flash. Flash. Phones everywhere. They surged forward, surrounding her on the bed, touching her. Amanda felt a wave of revulsion shudder through her. This was becoming very different from a fantasy, a bit of fun. She looked around, trying to find Clyde.
"I'm going to put my clothes on now." She looked around, trying to find her underwear through the fog creeping over her vision. Stars exploded when she stepped forward. The guys slid their paws all over her body while blonde tom wiped his lips with a paw and pushed her down onto the bed. She looked up and saw a tall, familiar figure towering over her on the bed. A mark shone under the queen's eye, visible in the bright light of the room even though the mark had been covered with make-up. Tall Bitch. Clyde walked up to the tall model and put his arm around her, then nuzzled her neck.
Oh. 
Fuck.
The crowd didn't stop, they pushed closer and she felt something like a bottle slide into her. It hurt like hell. She looked down. Glitter sparkled on the bed every time a flash went off.
"Ow." 
But it didn't stop. 
"Ow."
They pushed harder, Amanda tried to push them away. She shouted, "Stop!" but they did not. 
Something in her primal self awoke and pushed through her drunken haze. This is it, this is how it happens. She fought at them, screaming, but still they would not stop. Tall Bitch smacked her through the face, claws extended, and Amanda tasted blood. Another hit from the other direction. More blood.
"Do you think you're one of us, you fucking dwarf cunt? You will never be one of us, you're a fucking degenerate!" Tall Bitch smacked her one more time and Amanda felt blood running down her nose. She reached her paw out to the only face she thought would help her. 
This is it. This is my last moment. Help me, babe.
But Clyde, beautiful, smouldering Clyde, leaned in and spat in her face. He laughed at her and the others followed his lead. Their fangs wet with saliva, the mouths gaping, the reflection of the flashes in their cats eyes casting the room into shards of red. The sharks were about to feed.
I am so naive.
I am so dead.
A new shadow broke through the haze, not shark-like, but a different species swimming through the musky damp of the small room. The figure moved through the smoky haze with his phone held high above his head, but it was not pointed at her, he was using it like a torch, blinding everyone in his path. Red cats-eyes reflected the glare, hissing in agony. He wasn't a knight in shining armour, and he wasn't tall, dark, and pawsome, but the sight of the geeky, mousy redhead pushing through the hissing crowd with his cellphone held above his head in both paws like a magical sword, his belly hanging out of his shirt, was the most beautiful thing Amanda had ever seen.
"I've called the police. All of you fuck off before they get here." His voice never trembled. Not once. There were rumblings and growls from the sharks. Most of the animals left the room, and after the red-furred cat threatened them with a deep growl the last few followed. Clyde shoved him into the wall as he left and they glared and hissed at each other, locked in primal male aggression.
Tall Bitch looked over her shoulder before she followed, smiling at Amanda with her empty eyes. This is not over, her eyes said, we will eat you.
Amanda's red-headed saviour wrapped his plaid jacket over her and carried her out of the back door to his car, a silver car so old Amanda hoped it would start. He lay her gently on the back seat.
"Stay down. We don't have much time, they're regrouping."
"Where are the police. Are they here?" 
"The police won't come. Clyde will be on the phone with them saying it was a prank call. Or his dad will just pay them to go away."
"The police won't come?"
"The poor have the law. The rich have lawyers." He pushed her down on the back seat and got in the car.
His car spluttered awake, the old engine struggling to start at first, but relenting to the paw pounding against the dashboard. From her position on the back seat Amanda noticed rust spots inside, the patched leather seat smelled of cigarettes. He was not one of them. Not one of the sleek sharks. Just a geeky mouse with adenoids and... did he have an ulterior motive? Amanda lay silently in the back seat, the cracked leather of the seat prickling against her skin. She ached. Her vagina was bruised. Her nose was... fucked up, but the blood had dried. She breathed through her mouth.
"Where do you live?" He asked, looking over his shoulder briefly while racing through the streets away from the cathouse.
Amanda told him the address of the house next to Zen's house. He drove the old car fast.
My red knight, your white steed is beautiful. Maybe he was going to take her to the forest and kill her. Whatever, it would be better than being eaten alive in that feeding frenzy.
But tonight was not her night to die. The red-headed cat pulled up at the address and helped her out of the car.
"I'll be fine from here," Amanda said, wincing as her bare paws touched the gravel on the side-walk. "Thank you."
"Okay, give me a call if you need something." He wrote his number on a scrap of newspaper that was lying on the passenger seat and put the scrap in the pocket of the jacket, wrapping it up tighter around Amanda. Amanda mustered a small smile and ran to the welcome safety of Zen's garden. The cat waited until... no... what was his name. Guy. Gary. Gareth. His name was Gareth. Gareth waited until she was safe and drove off. And he hadn't asked for his jacket. And it was really cold, he would be freezing. Amanda clutched the number in her fist in case it got lost in a twist of fate.
Back off, fate, this one's mine.
	Chapter 5


Gareth's car sputtered to a halt outside his new flat, a one bedroom affair near the edge of town. Amanda helped him cat-paw his new collapsible sofa out of his car and up the five flights of worn stairs. The couch was too big to fit in the tiny lift and almost slid down the stairs a few times but they eventually reached the fifth floor, gasping for breath. They slid the couch into place in front of the fireplace and collapsed next to each other, sweat pouring into their clothes. Gareth's work-scent burned on his skin, turning Amanda on. 
Are we just friends, or is he ever going to make his move? Fuck it, I can't wait forever. He is unrefined and furry and, well, not a model. Am I sure I can go backwards? 
"So tell me about your last mate."
"Um." Gareth was suddenly interested in an invisible fly in the room.
"You have had a mate before?"
"Of course! Well, I dated this disabled molly once. But she broke up with me when I kicked over her wheelchair."
"Oh my word, that's terrible!"
"It worked out fine, I knew she'd come crawling back."
Amanda clattered a laugh and punched his chest. "You're terrible. So no then."
Gareth shook his head.
Amanda had been brewing a plan, she was tired of spending too many nights hanging out in frustration and doing unromantic things with this nice guy. She didn't want to be his buddy. 
She had come up with something that would change their situation, she owed him, big time, and this would be his gift. 
They showered in turns, and while he was cleaning up she fetched her make-up case from his car.
"Come here a second before you put your clothes on," she said through the bathroom door.
"Why?" He shouted back from the shower.
"Just do it, okay?" 
He walked out to the little lounge with his towel wrapped around his waist and dried his rough fur with the only other towel he owned. His furry belly bulged out wet and matted against the towel. He had a long way to go, but Amanda was going to jump-start him, just like Zen had jump-started her. 
Amanda pushed Gareth into his new sofa and straddled him. She opened her case and pulled out a battery operated fur clipper.
"What are you doing?"
"Shh, just let it happen." He didn't resist, but he didn't look happy either as she began snipping at his untidy fur and beard. She clipped the sides of his fur almost to the scalp, trimmed his beard in a striking square shape, Viking style. The lead singer of his favourite band wore his fur that way, why shouldn't he?
She gave him a kiss on the top of his head and when he flipped his head around she almost cut off his ear. 
"Are you sure you know what you're doing?"
"Sorry. Relax, I've seen it done a hundred times." She kissed him briefly on the mouth and felt him react under her. His purr rolled out in low thunder. Amanda hat never been with a cat before. A lot of hamsters, three mice, and a pack of dogs, but no cats.
"Down, tom, let me finish." She pulled out a black shirt that she herself had tailored to hug his chest, but hang loose around his saggy middle. It fit perfectly, she had an eye for these things. She had sprinkled the shirt with aftershave earlier, a sneak attack. The tattoo snaking down his arm poked out from under the black sleeve. She plucked his eyebrows, and brushed on a little make-up, ignoring his worried expression.
"Hey, you should model with me sometime. You're quite a hottie, you know."
"Yeah right. I'm a computer geek, not a model." 
Amanda hugged him. "You smell so good."
"I would like to see what you do though. It must be fascinating, all those shoots." She lifted up his arms to trim his underarm fur, poking him when he giggled.
"It's, well, it's not the worst job in the world. It also doesn't pay steadily. You have to take whatever they throw at you. Sometimes I get into bad situations, as you know." Amanda ran her fingers through his clean, and now neat fur, the stubble like a brush on the side of his head. She splashed Pantene mousse, £11, into his fur and pulled his head close into her chest, taking a deep breath of his new scent. She ran her paws down the sides of his body, caressing his stomach.
"I'm not really sure this is me, Amanda."
"This is your look, trust me." Amanda kissed him again.
"I just want to be clear here, because I don't have any experience with these things. Are you flirting with me, or is this..." Amanda put her finger on his lips, pulled him close and pulled off her panties. 
"Take me, you big nerd, or do you need a clearer signal?" She wanted to hold on to him and never let go. My hero. My Viking. Mine.
"Okay. You mean sex?"
"Fuck me. Is that clear enough. God, have you really never had sex before?"
"Um, well, sort of. Kind of. I don't know."
"Oh my God, you're a virgin!"
"I'm sorry, just never had the oppor..."
"Shut up! An actual virgin, in the flesh."
"Sorry."
"Haha, you idiot! You have no idea what a turn on that is. Listen, don't do anything, don't move. I will do everything. Just tell me what you like, I will do it." Amanda, invigorated by his pureness, kissed him up and down his neck in excitement, thrilling at the uncharted territory of his skin, exploring parts of him no one had ever been. He purred with delight.

Three weeks later.

Fuck men. All of them.
Norah the stripper danced over her, a sleek guinea pig in her late thirties dressed with short black fur and dressed in a black tank-top and camo pants. In the corner a group of dogs played poker on a large green table. They ignored the gyroscopic motions of the stripper and focused instead on consuming as many shots of gin and cigars as possible, stopping every so often to check if the others were cheating, which they were. Amanda could tell who was bluffing; a wagging tail always gave the game away.
After two dances Amanda left the club and waited outside in the icy wind for half an hour, smoking thin cigarettes bought from the little café next-door to the club. Snow fell on the pavement like white frosting on a wedding cake. She pulled the toggles of her red coat, Jaded Sun, £59, tight to seal her from the cold. The door opened and Norah the stripper walked out, almost unrecognisable in her civilian clothes.
"Excuse me, Norah?"
"Yup." The stripper continued walking and Amanda offered her a cigarette, the instant declaration of peace. "Do I know you?" She asked and took a cigarette.
"No, well not formally. You danced for me earlier. Your dancing is amazing. I was waiting inside hoping to talk with you but it's really loud in there." Amanda shivered in the cold, her breath steaming.
"Yeah, the DJ is pretty full on. Listen, it's getting late, and I'm fucking freezing my tits off. Plus I need to eat, so..."
"I could take you out for a bite and some coffee. I know a little French café that's open late."
"I'm not sure it's a good idea." 
Amanda looked down. "Oh."
Norah buttoned up her jacked and walked on. Amanda walked after her, paws sweating in her jacket pockets. Norah looked down at her from her six foot height and smiled. "It's not a good idea because restaurant coffee gives me gas. How old are you?"
"Nineteen. I really enjoyed the dance you gave me earlier. Really." 
"Is that right?" Norah touched Amanda's arm and sighed. "Do you want to come to my place? I have whiskey."
"I love whiskey," Amanda lied.
Ten ten minutes later Amanda and Norah were sitting in front of the fireplace in Norah's cosy apartment, a wood-walled penthouse she had decorated with books and lacy scarves hanging from hooks in every corner. Norah stood up, selected a bottle from her drinks cabinet. She filled two large tumblers with whiskey and ice.
"Whiskey is the best," Amanda said and walked over to join Norah at the stone mantle piece. 
Amanda looked around the apartment, looking for clues about the beautiful dancer. This was new territory. She had no idea what whiskey she was drinking but it warmed up her belly. 
Norah leaned back against the wall, flicking her cigarette butt into the fire. She looked into Amanda's eyes and brushed her fur aside, examining every detail of Amanda's face. Nerves bubbled to the surface. She put the glass down to hide her shaking paws.
"I only drink Scottish whiskey," Norah said, refilling Amanda's glass despite Amanda protesting that she shouldn't have more. Norah led Amanda to the sofa. They sipped their whiskey, sitting close to each other and watching embers dance in the fire. Norah ran her paw down Amanda's arm.
"You have such soft skin." She tapped the bottom of Amanda's chin and Amanda laughed. Amanda crossed her legs and leaned in to Norah, taking in her natural musky scent. Norah leaned in and after waiting for the briefest moment gave her small, soft kisses on the mouth and cheek and gently ran her paws around Amanda's thin frame, exploring the edges of Amanda's jeans above her belt.
"Come." Norah pulled her up and led her to the bedroom, gently pushing her down on the double bed covered in red silk sheets. There was no door in the door-frame. She would not need privacy when she only entertained only one gender.
Amanda leaned back into the soft sheets and arched her back up, letting go of her inhibitions whole Norah straddled her. They pulled at each other's clothes. Norah struggled with Amanda's jacket toggles until Amanda helped her undo them. Amanda gulped when her underwear disappeared down the end of the bed. No turning back now. 
When they were both naked Amanda followed Norah's lead, taking turns intertwining their legs, bending over each other and fingering each other while they kissed. Norah's lips were soft and warm, she did not stab her tongue into Amanda's mouth like guys did, but played around her face, exploring every detail with little kisses. Norah clearly was a lifelong member of the female team. Her pubic fur tickled against Amanda's shaved vagina.
Look at me, all shaved like a good pup above the red line. 
The rest of Norah's body was so clean and furless. The faint scent of soap curled up into Amanda's nostrils and made her dizzy with excitement. Amanda caressed Norah's neck and planted kisses that blossomed into excitement. They took turns reaching climax at the other's touch.
Exhausted, they lay back in each others arms and Norah lit them both cigarettes. Amanda lay on her side and looked at Norah's, muscular, yet feminine lines. Amanda's fur, sticky from sweat, fell in Norah's mouth and she brushed it aside. 
"How long have you been gay?" Amanda asked.
"What kind of question is that? It's not a choice. You are or you aren't."
"You're very pretty," Amanda said, running her paws through Norah's short black fur. 
"I don't care about things like that." Norah pulled at strands of Amanda's long blonde fur. "You should cut your fur."
"Why? I like my fur," Amanda said. "I like fur products, washing my fur. I like it when ma... I mean animals caress my fur." Her fur, her best friend. She liked how it floated around her when she took a bath, like the painting of Ophelia lying in the river.
"It's a symbol of oppression. It makes you look pretty, like a ten year old pup."
Amanda covered her pelvis with the duvet, hiding her other shaven symbol of oppression.
"I like feeling pretty."
"It's stupid consumerist bullshit. Can't you see how you've been corrupted by the paternalistic regime? You're just their tool. The whole beauty industry is run by fat old predators with self-serving agendas. And their models are just whores for them anyway."
"I don't think it's that superficial. There's more to it than that. Some models are nice." Amanda sat up.
Norah lay back on the bed and talked at the ceiling while smoke twirled around them. "Models are all just bimbos. Dumb airheads. They don't know how the real world works. They're part of the problem."
Ouch. "What problem is that, exactly?"
"Oppression. Women forced to be sex slaves for disgusting males. Males are all pigs."
"Not all of them."
"All of them. Don't let the ones who give you money convince you you're not just a whore for them. It's all they care about."
"I don't know. I've met a lot of males, and some of them are vile, but I think you should spend more time with them, there are some good ones." I wonder where Gareth is now, who he's with? Is she prettier than me?
"Forget it. I will never make the mistake of being with a male. There is no such thing as a good male, can't you see? That's just what they want you to believe. Anyway, you sound just like one of those model bimbos, you probably think the world is all roses and perfume, but it's more serious and complex than you could understand."
"I understand plenty. I'm pretty sure males built this apartment," Amanda squeaked, a rat backed into a corner, whiskers a-twitch. Norah ignored her comment.
"Males are vile. They made the fashion industry just to fuck models like little lambs. Haven't you noticed how all models look under-age, how they have to starve themselves just to look like they are ten years old?"
"Stop being a dick." Missile fired, perfectly aimed. It hit Norah squarely in the chest and she recoiled from the shock.
"Don't you ever call me that!"
"Did I hit a nerve? Got some unresolved daddy issues? I bet shit got real when you were ten. Ten is obviously a theme in your life."
"Fuck you, you fucking lizard." Norah pushed herself away, the incredulity plain on her face. "Don't analyse me, you fucking lizard, you're one of them, aren't you? Fucking lizard. I should have known from your small fingers. Jesus, a fucking lizard." Norah stood up. "I need to detox." Norah put on her top and went to the bathroom, another room with no door. She sat down on the toilet. 
Amanda pulled on her shirt. "Fuck this shit, I'm out. See you never." She pulled on the rest of her clothes and shouted, "You know what, you were my first female. I thought it would be special, but you're just a big cleesh. What a mistake."
Norah emerged, washing her face. "It's cliché, not cleesh, you ignorant fuck. Your first female? Yours? Am I some little experiment of yours? Did your college friends put you up to this? Pay me for a dance and you think you can just do what you want with me? You don't own me you lizard bitch! Get out before I fucking drown you, you fucking whore." Amanda rushed out and Norah followed close behind, standing naked in the hallway and shaking with rage. 
"Fucking lizard! Fucking corporate whore!" 
An old tiger opened his door and looked down the hallway at them, at the crazy lesbians. 
Amanda walked backwards in her high heels. "In case you forgot, Norah, you're just a stripper! Without other animals using you you'd be homeless." Amanda hitched her bag to her shoulder, turned and ran as fast as she could. Norah's screams echoed down the hallway after her.
I'm not going back to that club in a hurry, she thought. Why lizard, what was the deal with that? Was that an Orwellian thing? I wonder where Gareth is, fucking idiot. He would know. He knew all about lizards.
Amanda had not seen him since they had modelled together at a test shoot for CyberWolf Online. His amazing punk Viking look that she had created, she, Amanda Bailley, not him, had gone viral. It was supposed to be a joke, an irony, let him model just for fun. Now everyone wanted his rugged manliness, his unconventional raw charm. And he had gone off to China for a shoot and decided not to come back for a month. He even changed his name to Vincent. So lame.
Good luck with all those Asian pups, stupid anime-loving nerd.
But he didn't owe her anything, quite the opposite. She wiped a tear away with the pad of her paw and pulled her jacket closer against the chill. She went home to Zen and climbed into his bed while he slept, curling up in his safe and familiar arms.
~
Molly G. and Herbert De Valier talked over Amanda while she stood naked in their private studio, a test shoot freshly completed.
"Can we do something about her ass? Our swimwear is always bulging at the bottom of her cheeks." De Valier put away his measuring tape. Molly G, Amanda's new agent, spun Amanda around and pulled the flesh of her bum upwards.
"Can you lose 3 kilograms for us, dear? Your arse is getting a wee bit flabby."
"I can do that." A few less suppers and jogging around the lake would tighten up her skin.
"Ugh, her thighs are touching," De Valier said, continuing his critique, "it's giving our client conniptions. Do something about her thighs." Herbert De Valier, marketing director for six fashion brands, dressed in a white suit and black shoes, ran his paw up and down between Amanda's thighs. "Look here."
"Can you jog more, dear? Thighs should never touch." Molly G. joined Herbert at pulling the skin on Amanda's thighs. The rings on Molly G's fingers clinked as she ran her cold, bony fingers against Amanda's skin.
Amanda shivered. "Okay." She blushed when De Valier bent down and examined her breasts. He straightened up, pulled open Amanda's mouth and inspected her teeth.
"Is that a filling?" Amanda nodded while he pushed at her lips with his thumbs.
"Sowwy."
"Get her dentist to replace her filling with ceramic."
"Can we put that on the development account?" Molly peered into Amanda's mouth over De Valier's shoulder while pulled her lips apart and inspected her teeth and tongue.
"Put it through promotions, we can write it off with the Max Factor tests." He finished with her mouth and moved back to her breasts, cupping and squeezing them as he talked.
"These are fine, but see if we can get her nipples bleached, they're looking a bit like an ageing porn star." De Valier's paws lingered.
"Do you think I'm too short?" Amanda twisted from his grasp and looked from Molly G. to De Valier.
"Oh no, dear," Molly G. brushed aside Amanda's fur, making her blush, "we can sell you as a teen. If you stay in shape."
"I always thought short models were hard to, um, sell."
"Only in Sweden, dear. Do some weights, or we may have to get you a boob job to perk up." Amanda nodded. Herbert De Valier ran his paw slowly down over her stomach to her crotch and she jerked away.
"Skittish, isn't she?"
"She's still learning." Molly G. scowled at Amanda. She and De Valier walked out, leaving Amanda to get dressed while they discussed her anatomy in the next room.
"She's unique, no doubt. Revlon will eat her up. Are those her natural ears?"
"Yes, they do stick out like that, quite adorable."
"Her lips are asymmetrical. We can push her look in cosmetics, MAC will squirm for it."
"Agreed. We're working on her skin. I have her on 3 litres of water a day."
"Good, but watch her ankles. Put her on double laxatives so that she can be ready for next week. I have a meeting with Vulcanelli, he's hungry for little oddballs this season." Amanda peered through Molly G's office door.
"Can I go now?"
"Yes, dear. Go to the park and work on your bum and your thighs."
"I will. Thank you."
"You'll get far, dear," Molly said as she lit her corn-cob pipe, "just don't fuck it up. Your body is just a tool, you must sharpen it and let other animals use it." 
I am just a tool, Amanda thought, a thing to use to get things done. I use my body to make money.
Amanda went to the park to jog but sat and watched the homeless ducks instead. She saw Zen walking with a packet of bread, throwing crumbs at the fat birds as they jostled for position around him.
"Hey." His face lit up when he saw her. "How did it go with Molly G?"
"Intense. But it looks like they can use me."
"Good. Just do whatever she wants. She can open all the doors I can only knock on." Amanda took a breadcrumb from Zen's paw and flicked it at the ducks, leaning her head on his shoulder.
She asked sadly, "Zen, do you think I'm a whore?"
"What? Where did that come from? You're not a whore, you're special, don't forget that."
"I don't feel special. I don't really know what I am any more."
"You'll figure it out, I trust you. Don't be too impatient, these things take time." 
"I'm such a fuck-up." 
"You're not a fuck-up, you're just a little fucked up. It's completely normal." They sat in silence and threw bread at the water, watching the ducks swim around as the Autumn wind blew leaves into the lake.
~
After an evening playing chess and drinking wine Zen and Amanda sat at opposite ends of the  bath and shared a cigarette. The steam of the water and the bubbles sent Amanda into a sleepy haze. The beautiful antique tub with its ball-and-claw design could easily fit both of them. Soapy bubbles, the delicate scent of dewberries on the windowsill. It was late and they were both tipsy from wine and laughter. Amanda took a drag from her cigarette. Zen grabbed her wrist and turned it upwards, the marks, usually faded and hidden, flaring up pink in the hot water.
"What's this?" 
"Scars." 
"They're the wrong way, you need to cut down the street, not across the road." 
Amanda laughed. His sense of humour was always so close to the edge. "I didn't know. I was 14." 
Zen washed her wrist and rubbed at them. The scars turned red. "Why did you do it? What happened?"
"I don't know. Life. I hated myself. I tried starving myself first, I just wanted to get smaller and smaller until nothing was left, you know? But I got impatient and I loved pasta too much. So I started a binge, purge cycle, Bulimia 101. Then I got frustrated and I tried to take the short way out, but yeah, I didn't do it properly. My father found me passed out in literally a blood bath. I don't know if I was more embarrassed by my failed suicide or by him finding me naked, but I could never look him in the eye after that. 'Lady Bathory' he called me." Zen raised a bushy eyebrow at her.
"Who is Lady Bathory?"
"I think she was a queen who bathed in the blood of virgins to stay young. He thought it was funny, said my teenage problems were nothing compared to adult problems. Not a great motivator, my dad. I was too embarrassed to kill myself again."
Now Zen laughed. He gently leaned back into the tub, their paws sliding over each other and touching at the tips for just a second. He always just let her bullshit blow past as if it was normal. If she ever killed someone he would probably just make her tea and cookies to settle her nerves and lend her a rusty old shovel. Their intimacy was beyond anything she had experienced, yet there was no real sexuality between them. They were two dysfunctional beings witnessing each other's lives. Ships in the night.
Amanda took another slow drag from the cigarette. Her teenage years were unimportant now, a past life she wanted to forget. She leaned back and studied Zen's stocky frame, fat and furry and solid, but naked in the bath there was a fragility to him. He wasn't like other guys, his whole personality lay in his talent. She had never seen him go out or have fun. He didn't have friends, normal females never phoned him, just the ones who wanted money or exposure and he was happy to expose them. So many pups, all looking for one step up or to make some quick money for a night out with their mate. Mutual objectification. They were no different from her, even now that she had been around doing jobs and meeting industry animals. She was on her way but it seemed like he was trapped here, living in the cage he had built. 
Perhaps his art was his way of communicating with the outside world. An SOS. 
She swivelled herself around, sloshing some of the hot, soapy water out of the tub, and he massaged her back with his amazing paws. Paws that could create angels from nothing. She stopped herself from leaning back into him.
"I need to move out." She felt his paws stop their delicate, caressing, movement. In one swipe he could end her life, but she knew he would never truly hurt her.
"Why?" 
Amanda didn't really know, she started talking, hoping she would figure it out as she spoke.
"I just feel too vulnerable here. I really appreciate all you've done, you've been perfect. This is perfect, but I have to move on."
"Did you meet someone?"
"A few felines. Models. We're going to rent a house together, move overseas."
"But you are already overseas." He was joking but she heard sadness in his voice and it made her feel good. She wanted him to love her, to value her, but she had too many daddy issues. Her body always responded when they touched, even when they just spoke sometimes, but they never took it further. She was young and he was old, he would never have a six-pack or be dashing or make her hot in the way she fantasized. He was the king, but Amanda craved a prince. 
I am so fucking superficial, so biological, and there is something deeper here that I'm not ready for just yet.
"I think I want to start a family," she lied. Zen took the cigarette from her paw and tried to pull her back but she turned around in the tub and looked at him again. No emotion revealed itself on his deadpan face. She pushed his shoulder back with her foot and massaged his dick with her feet, the closest they had come to sex. 
"With me?" Amanda laughed but Zen did not. 
"No. With someone my own age. This is fucked up."
"Wow. Fucked up, even. Thanks." Amanda splashed him with water. His voice was distant. "I've never wanted a family," he said, making a moustache with the foam. "Don't like other animals so much. They always end up letting you down."
"Bullshit. You love them so much, that's why you paint them. Especially the pretty ones."
"I hate when you're right, jellybean." He started washing his face. "Will you be okay, you know, rent and stuff?" 
He's wrong, Amanda thought, he would have been a great dad. Always an ample supply of that unconditional love pups craved in large denominations. Those crisp notes filled with affection. Here, honey, let me show you how much I shoe you. I clothe you so much. I will feed you forever and rent for you until it all works out. My sweet pup, here's a hundred to make all the pain I've caused you go away.
"So why did you not go through with it? Try again?" Zen asked as he made himself a beard with the bubbles.
"Killing myself? I've never told anyone before, not even the shrink they made me see for 2 months."
"You can tell me, I'm not your judge." Amanda struggled to find words. How do you sum up a shitty life that wasn't that shitty? She had been so arrogant when she was young and felt she deserved better, no matter what she got. Her life had changed after she went to suicide rehab. Nun training college, they joked in the ward. From the psych hospital they were moved to a house of like-minded individuals. Except it was really an indoctrination centre and incredibly expensive for her dad. The cult leaders who ran the centre visited them every day trying to indoctrinate them into their work program. We will heal you for 10% of your income. For life. 
Everyone wanted a piece of a teenager with problems, squeezing suicide money from parents was a big money spinner. Sad females were a hot commodity, ripe and desperate and gullible. Soon after she entered the rehab commune her dad disappeared and she had to leave, not because she was ready but because the money had run out. Back to live with her mom and all the judgement and snide comments and just hell in general.
Amanda wiped off Zen's foamy beard, letting him know she wanted to be heard seriously.
"I wish I could tell you I had been abused or a victim or something concrete. I was full of issues I created. I thought the world owed me something and I got depressed when it didn't deliver. It was so stupid."
"It probably felt important at the time."
"Yup. I stayed the same though, that's the sad thing. I still want more. Do you know I almost killed myself when I left here the first time?" Amanda ran her paw down over his stomach.
Zen lay back and put out the cigarette in the brass ashtray on the edge of the bathtub, not responding to the paw job Amanda was giving him. Amanda stopped trying to turn him on and sighed. He was such a wall. Always the shrink, never the patient. He knew everything about her and she knew nothing about him. Nothing about his childhood. How he became Zen. Was that even his real name? She almost felt it was his fault, but in truth it was her laziness preventing her from asking him anything. If he was a hot young thing who dressed in black she would be so interested in his life. 
We are not so different, Master Zen.
His was the cult of fashion, indoctrinating worthless pups into believing in themselves, making them believe they could follow their dreams until it became their reality. He wanted control, in the same way a cat who rescues a broken kestrel wants control, wants it to fly back to him. 
She had enjoyed being the centre of his attention, but she didn't really crave it. Amanda, the shy exhibitionist, put her one leg up on the edge of the bath, but he didn't look at her. She put out the cigarette and got out the bath and went for an evening jog.

	Chapter 6

Amanda disembarked the plane and was greeted by a humid wind that lapped at her dress. The trees in the distance had unfamiliar shapes, the light had a different shade and hue. She stretched away the cramp of the twelve hour flight and brushed her fur from her face. No sleep for travelling little mice excited to be flying for the first time. Japan. Tokyo. Pandas rushing everywhere and going nowhere. 
Panda's fur smelled different.
Amanda could not decipher the signs covering every surface in the maze of tunnels connecting the plane to the world. She tapped the screen of her phone but the translation app stared at her, frozen. She walked through a doorway.
"Oh shit, sorry!" 
A Japanese shiba in a navy blue suit standing at a urinal looked over his shoulder at her. "You no this side-o." 
A younger dog in spurred boots next to the old dog and shook himself, Amanda saw a hint of flesh in his paw. The younger pup, his bleached fur and studded jacket giving him the appearance of an eighties rockabilly, smiled at her.
"Oshikko o toru roguin suru hitsuyo ga arimasu ka?"
"I'm so sorry!" She bowed, turned and hit the swinging door, dropping her phone and her bag. Blushing, she grabbed the fallen items and ran out. Their laughter followed her into the corridor. 
Near the end of the walkway a tiny rabbit with a singsong voice and a broad smile waved at her.
"Amunda Balli?" She held a sign with the words 'Amunda Balli' in big pawwritten letters and 'Global Models' printed underneath. Amanda waved and dodged the crowds around her to get to the tiny rabbit.
"Hello. Nice to meet you." 
"Prees to meet you." The student tour guide the agency had hired to meet her wore neat, pastel-coloured clothes, perfectly groomed fur, perfectly polished shoes. A perfect pup hired by her perfectly wonderful agent that got models jobs and got them paid. The client would pay for everything, Molly G. said. 
It was not 5 star treatment, but the interesting trinkets in every space and the strangely cut clothing from a different culture's fashion history could keep Amanda entertained for days. How long would it take her to get to Tokyo on tips and savings? A decade? A lifetime.
Amanda held out her paw. The tiny pup looked Amanda up and down and hesitated before shaking paws, as if she was shaking a person's paw for the first time. Do they still bow here? Or is it a hygiene thing? I must remember to check these things, Amanda thought as they walked down the foyer past the duty free shops. Japanese kanji covered every surface. Amanda had tried to memorize a few basic words in Hiragana, the children's script shown below many signs for the benefit of foreigners and children, but in context the strange symbols were impossible to decipher. A cartoon mascot appeared on each shop sign. 
Gareth would love it here, Amanda thought, this is every nerd's wet dream, but without the cartoons it is not much different to any big city. 
Thousands of pandas walked everywhere in identical suits, thousands of cars were packed neatly into every space on the road. 
The trip to the studio created no delays, street-lights changed in perfect unison, pedestrians all moved quickly and precisely, not like the sloppy meandering across the road in her home town. Amanda was not a tall mouse, but she had to bend herself up to fit in the passenger seat of the rental car. The student guide chatted as she drove, her thick accent making conversation impossible. Amanda stopped trying to decode the words and sat back and enjoyed the view, nodding and smiling occasionally to avoid being rude. 
Tokyo was a different planet. Everything was small and fast and illustrated. Cartoons covered everything from cereal to lingerie.
Fuck New York, Amanda thought, Tokyo is the city that never sleeps, it never even blinks. 
It was a city of ants walking in perfect clean lines, the buildings and shops had minimalist interiors and maximalist exteriors. Are the shops a metaphor for the animals? Amanda thought. Maybe she would get to find out if she stayed here long enough.
The car pulled up outside an office tower and they took a fast lift to the studio. On their way up Amanda ran her fingers along the old wood and steel trim in the lift.
"No touch, prees." The guide furrowed her brow but continued smiling. 
"I'm sorry, what?" 
"No touch." 
Amanda pulled her paw away. They stepped into a modern, light office, a stark contrast to the lift. The office décor of light wood and white plastic shimmered under the blue mood lighting. 
"I pick you up in one hour. Take you to your hoter. You wee like it, very fancy hoter and swimming poo." Amanda thought about the words for a few seconds before understanding.
"Okay, thanks." 
Her chaperone departed and a happy receptionist smiled and showed her into the change room. Amanda would not be able to tell the two pups apart if someone held a gun to her head. 
"Put croths here, I help you," the receptionist smiled and gestured to a shelf where a pair of slippers waited, covered in plastic. Amanda tried them on, 2 sizes too small. 
Ok, tiny pup, I will put my croths right here. Amanda undressed and stood in front of the mirror. She pushed her tampon string up inside her. The receptionist covered her mouth as she smiled and left Amanda to carry on alone. 
Weird, Amanda thought, usually the photographer meets me before asking me to take my clothes off. Here secretaries do it for you. 
A soft white Shoji gown (9500¥) hung on a wooden hook but after struggling to get the gown over her shoulders Amanda gave up. 
Fuck it, Amanda thought, I'll be a nudist. 
The little receptionist came back in and ushered her to the studio beyond, ignoring Amanda's nudity. The photographer smiled and nodded, baring his teeth. A tiger in a cage. Preese to meat you, his teeth said. 
"He does no speak Engrish," the assistant said as she smiled and fiddled with a packet behind a desk. 
The sabre-toothed photographer gestured Amanda to the pristine white vinyl backdrop where a camera stood waiting, sleek and modern, no doubt the latest Japanese brand. The photographer offered no instructions but stepped behind his camera and started clicking. The strobes blinded Amanda and she stood blinking, trying to refocus her eyes. 
Amanda liked to let loose and dance and freeze her dance in time with every flash, her signature posing style. She tried to follow the photographer's paw signals. Up. Down. Paw out. Foot up. 
"I'm not used to paw signals. Getting my left and right mixed up." The photographer smiled and chatted to the assistant.
"More sutry, prees."
"Not sure I know what that means." Amanda pouted at the lens.
"More angry, prees." Amanda drooped her eyebrows. "Less sad, prees." Amanda raised her expression slightly.
"I look ridiculous."
"Mmm." The assistant left the room and made them tea.

Amanda's agent, Molly G, had phoned two days before, a one am phone-call. 
"Honey, listen here, great news." Molly G spoke fast and never greeted or waited to find out if she had the right person. "Ruth Freudburg cancelled so PETA optioned you for a new campaign. It's fantastic, you'll be covered in fake blood and raw meat. Very edgy. Very happening. Pack your things, sweetheart, the driver is on his way." Click. 
It took several seconds before the words made sense. She lay in bed for a few minutes figuring it out. Fifteen minutes later she jumped out of bed in panic when she heard a car pull up and packed her bags. She woke Zen in the next room to tell him the good news. And here she was, 48 hours later, in an alien world.

The interchangeable assistant tipped a bucket of fake blood over Amanda while she posed. She smelled a syrup and possibly rose-water concoction and some other strange, savoury, Japanese scent. 
"Honey?" Amanda pointed a stream of red liquid running down her chest and the assistant smiled while she nodded.
"Look angry, prees," the assistant interpreted the photographer's instructions again. 
Amanda licked a few drops from the corner of her mouth when the photographer wasn't looking, causing the tiny assistant to fly up in panic and stand on her toes to fix the smudge, ignoring the bloody chaos around their feet. 
The news channel on the plane had shown a story of protests against the Japanese fishing industry, that would explain the relevance. Animals hadn't figure out fish yet, if they were conscious or not. Maybe this young photographer ate sushi before work, Amanda thought, and protested the abuse of cows in other countries.
The tiny assistant re-emerged with a large bucket, struggling to carry the heavy weight. Don't call them Oompah Loompahs, Amanda thought and coughed to cover up her smile. 
"Can I help you with that?" Amanda asked, hoping that whatever was in the bucket was not too cold and sticky.
"No, no probrem." The little assistant tilted the large bucket slightly and Amanda peered inside at the fake animal innards. No doubt an artist had spent hours with sponges and cloths and fake blood to create this perfect bucket of ick. The things lying in the bucket made Amanda a little nauseous and she suppressed a twinge at the back of her throat. 
Just smile and nod. Smile and nod.
The photographer motioned her to get down lower, Amanda obeyed, and the assistant poured the bucket over her. 
"Oh, Jesus fuck, what is this?" It stank like...like... "Oh fucking God no. Is this real?" The assistant smiled and nodded. The innards were not fake, the red sugar was not reg sugar at all. The odour suddenly punched at her nostrils and made her eyes water. Everything was real. Real blood, real guts. A real dolphin head slopped around at the bottom of the bucket, its eyes glazed over, milky white.
"Fucking artists. You fucking cunts," Amanda cried as she bent over and vomited. The photographer grinned his tiger teeth and clicked, grinned and clicked. No one came to help her crawling in the bloody mess, Amanda didn't know what to do... but the show must go on.
~
Three hours later Amanda lay on the hotel bed in a fresh pair of purple panties and flicked through the channels. She had scrubbed for an hour in a shower so small that even she had to bend over double to get under the shower head. Still the occasional faint odour of blood and inside things wafted into her nostrils. She had cleaned blood from under her fingernails and washed her fur twice. Her throat hurt from throwing up. Puking was quite normal here, apparently, given the number of stains on the side-walk outside the many bars and the lack of surprise from the studio staff.
The tiny television bolted to the wall in the expensive hotel room showed a strange game-show – a rabbit in a bikini ate a pot of stew while a crowd cheered, occasionally a monkey would jump out from behind the desk and the rabbit would act frightened, scoring points for a reason Amanda could not figure out. Faces from the audience popped up in bubbles at the bottom of the screen to show viewers what they should be feeling. Next, a tampon ad showed how to use their product in graphic detail.
A knock rap-rapped on the door. A little hamster with bulging cheeks, dressed in a neat uniform, entered without waiting for confirmation, She stared unashamedly at Amanda's bare chest.
"Room sahvisu." 
"Jesus, wait outside." Amanda scrambled for the fluffy cotton gown hanging from the back of the door. The room service hamster ignored her and held out a package, making an exaggerated point to look away from Amanda's nakedness.
I suppose my body is public property now, better get used to it.
Amanda jumped up and down when she saw the package. "For me? More free shit. Awesome."
The gifts just didn't stop coming, nothing made a pup happier than free shit. A card stuck on the front of the brown paper package had two words embossed in gold – From Zen. 
Amanda brushed her fur back over her shoulders. If any familiar person walked in the door right now she would hug the life out of them from sheer gratitude. This alien world was eating at her and she longed for a hint of familiarity, to have a beer and complain about something with a regular animal who didn't smile and nod all the time.
She ripped open the package and tipped the box over. Out fell a soft mink coat, a Holbein mink guaranteed to make every PETA member scream like a thousand dying dolphins. 
Amanda laughed so hard she fell back onto the bed, clutching the coat to her naked chest. The room service lady didn't wait for a tip, she scrambled away and slammed the door as she left. 
Fuck you PETA, I have mink. Amanda smelled the perfumed fur, so exquisite, so soft, so expensive. I love you Zen, you sick fuck.

~~~

Another shoot in Tokyo, thank you Molly G. The shoot director phoned her at the hotel to discuss concepts, his accent a blend of half Japanese, half American.
"Yeah, just wearing the jeans, no top, it's ok, baby?"
"No problem. Anything you want. But no dead animals."
"Ah okay. No dead animal. We will a make nice shoot-oh. Client is very excited to use you. Big client. Very famous-uh."
"Really? Thanks." Another topless shoot in another little studio somewhere in Tokyo for another brand of jeans. Apparently European breasts were a hot commodity here, but considering how popular Asian breasts were back home it wasn't so surprising.
"Don't wear underwear two hours before the shoot, it will make wrink-ohs."
"Got it." Don't worry, American Japanese guy, I'll flash you a hint of my lady bits like you secretly want. 
"Don't wear make-up, we do it here."
"No problem." 
"Ok, I send you directions on text. You find it easy." He hung up without saying goodbye.
No limousine this time, hope I find the place. 
Amanda arrived at the studio 15 minutes late. Stupid immigrant cab driver, spent half the ride chewing on a tin can and not paying attention to where he was going. 15 Minutes was a lifetime by Japanese standards, their trains seldom ran more than a few seconds late and when they did it was a national scandal.
The crew of five felines looked annoyed when she walked in, but she warmed them up with humble apologies and silly talk. Amanda would be shooting with a second model, a tall, thin feline with short honey-coloured fur cut into a bob.
"You are very late, no?" The model said, her voice thick with a French accent. Amanda recognised her from a Tommy Hilfiger billboard, no doubt they were paying her a fortune. Amanda ignored her and took off her shoes.
French Model stood topless at the edge of the studio drinking bottled water while chaos erupted around Amanda, like a horde of ants gatecrashing a picnic. 
A tiny stylist stood on a step-ladder to apply make-up. Everything had to be perfect in Tokyo – 15 million animals crammed themselves into a space made for 5 million and they all jostled for the top spot. Any crack of imperfection would be pried apart by a thousand little angry ants eager to take their place.
The photographer set up the lights and adjusted his camera, occasionally walking up to Amanda with a light meter and measuring parts of her face and chest. Amanda was slightly taller than the shoot director, a little Japanese shiba dog wearing a bandanna printed with the US flag. He spoke with a strange half-American accent.
Amanda pulled off her sweater and pulled on the pair of jeans the assistant held out, a very tight fit. The production line finished her while she walked to the studio floor, little more than a roll of white paper hanging form a frame against a wooden wall, but sleek and stylish nonetheless.
"Could you jump for us, baby. Tenkyu." It wasn't a request. Amanda was a tool, a trained seal in a carnival show. She walked onto the continuous white curve of paper that graced every soulless photographic studio in the world and did what she was told. She jumped around, kicking her legs out, trying to give the best profile of her legs, while keeping her paws in the shot as she had been taught.
"Big smile. Tenkyu." Amanda obeyed, holding up her paws and laughing as if someone had just fallen into the water in front of her.
"Lots of fun. Tenkyu." Amanda laughed and jumped, pretending a clown had tripped and she was trying to catch his giant falling lollypop.
"One more, baby, tenkyu." 
My preasure, baby.
The real beer standing on the table was making Amanda's mouth water. Next to it sat a plate of food with completely normal dead vegetables in it, food fit for a mouse, containing nothing at all that resembled Cthulu. The beer, the music, the sensation of air on her breasts, felt good. Her stomach rumbled and she jumped around to hide the sounds and suppress the hunger. She kicked the thick paper backdrop by accident and heard it rip but she carried on jumping, spurred on by the laughter of the crew. 
She had lost weight, not from lack of eating but from the sheer amount of movement modelling generated. Right now five million fat hippos were complaining how modelling was not healthy for pups, how it created a negative body image. But they didn't know how healthy modelling really was, how much hard work it took to find a pose, just like training for the Russian ballet. The Fat hippos' jealousy was thinly veiled in their moans and everyone knew it, but, still, it was fun to make fun of models, to point and prod at glossy magazine pages with dirty hoofs and tell everyone the models were all sick.
Amanda jumped and laughed, the animals around her laughed as well. Except for the French model who sipped at her bottle of French water while she waited for her turn to be noticed.
Modelling was Amanda's career now, and as long as she followed instructions she could do it however she wanted.
Her thighs no longer touched when she stood with her feet together, her breasts had shrunk to half their size, the angular definition of her shoulders gave her the appearance of a tomcat. She looked twelve, probably what they wanted anyway. Amanda laughed again, amused at the biology of it all, the endless search for eternal youth. The media worshipped everyone who looked adolescent and then punished everyone who admitted to liking it.
But I am a fully developed mouse, Amanda thought, a full-grown, money making, Grade-A bitch. With no puppy fat and do debts to pay.
She jumped and danced and closed her eyes, letting her inhibitions float away. If there was one thing little mice knew how to do it was jump.
The camera's strobe turned the studio into a club, mesmerizing Amanda with each flash. How many models had been hypnotized by those flashing lights?
Here. 
	Flash. 
I. 
	Flash. 
Am. 
	Flash. 
I am observed. 
Each flash of a strobe evidence of being seen, of being noticed by an artist, by a director, someone with their finger on the pulse of the world and on the button of a history recording machine.
Amanda danced around, kicking her legs out against the white paper backdrop. After a few minutes the backdrop was completely destroyed. Amanda accidentally kicked two lights over, but everyone was laughing so hard they didn't care. They were probably high on Japanese cocaine and American drugs made from corn. Amanda laughed at their laughter.
I haven't laughed in a while, Jeez, when was the last time? 
She had been working harder in the last two months than in her entire life, but still they wanted more, they wanted every gram of her and she would let them cut her up with their creative razor and let them get high off the illusion of her youth, as long as they paid on time. If a stray wrinkle dared appear near her mouth or dark rings crept under her eyes, teams of underpaid image editors in Italy and South Africa would smooth out any evidence of age or other imperfection.
We are eternal. We are angels from heaven. We are Photoshop.
Amanda tried to make friends with the felines at the shoot, but true to their nature they kept their distance. They talked over her, through her. A model was a different species, a commodity treated with a little respect but never friendship. 
An invisible barrier always hung between her and the animals who worked to make her beautiful and interesting. They could never be her because she was not real, and so they could never be themselves around her. They were not willing to get to know an illusion, especially when that spectre jetted off every month to a new corner of the world.
The music stopped halfway through a track.
"That's a wrappu," the director said and took one last look at the photos on the laptop. The little make-up artist got off her little step ladder and took her little case of little Japanese products out the door. Everyone left except the second model. The director waved at them as he left but the French model did not respond, she hadn't been used in the shoot, she had just stood around half naked, invisible, an unwanted extra. An understudy. She lit up a cigarillo.
"So you think you're pretty hot shit, hey?" 
Amanda ignored her comment, it washed through her with all the other comments and opinions and judgement everyone had of her. "Ok, what the hell just happened here anyway?" Amanda smiled at the French model, but she walked out without responding. Amanda looked around the suddenly empty room. Christine, her name is Christine. Is she pissed off? Well fuck her, I am the star here. She is nothing.

~~~

The dry hotel in Tijuana had no air-conditioner and provided little shelter from the steaming heat outside, despite being early evening. After an uneventful shoot with a prominent Mexican magazine Amanda withdrew to her hotel room, partly to rest and partly to hide her continuous sweating. She sat on the canvas-covered chair looking out the window at the cars passing by, drizzling water over herself from a glass to cool down. The room was stark, no television, no internet. Bored, she went to the hotel bar. One of the Mexican models she had worked with earlier, Mendial, sat at the bar, charming the bar-lady with his strong jawline, tight t-shirt, and scalpeled smile. He waved furiously at Amanda as she walked in.
"Hey, Amanda, you want to go dancing? Couple of us are meeting at Chico's down the road."
"Okay. If there's booze." Amanda fanned herself with the cocktail menu. There was no off switch to the heat, like an obsessed crush it penetrated deep and never left her to relax.
"There sure will be booze, yeah. You like Tequila?"
"I love Tequila," Amanda lied. She liked wine in chilled glasses, but any port in a storm.
They walked in the street under the shop awnings to cool down and Amanda noticed the decay and age on the buildings. The streets looked like any other place in down-town USA, with rows of red and white pick-ups parked outside grey strip malls. Fur stylist, pharmacy, cheap clothing store, supermarket, hardware store. The formula for strip-mall success around the globe.
"I can't tell if this is America or Mexico."
"Oh, yeah, sure," Mendial took her paw and they swung their arms as they walked, "here in the main road is America. Where we going is the real Mexico."
They walked down into the back streets and Amanda saw the scenery gradually change, the further away from the main road they walked the more she saw an alternative history influencing the daily life of the back street sellers. They walked past crowds dressed in colourful dresses and hats, different from the black and white evening clothes animals wore in European countries, though in the day you couldn't tell what country anyone came from. Rats in rat suits.
"You see those guys standing around there?" Mendial nodded his head in the direction of a pack of wolves standing outside a shop, sharing a cigarette.
"Yup. Gangsters?"
"Shh. They're called Cholos, police gangsters. They're used by the real police to do executions."
"Jesus."
"Hey, don't swear at God, that's a serious crime around this neighbourhood. If they hear you there will be trouble."
"Are you serious?" 
Shouts barked out behind them, and they saw some of the gangsters pushing at each other, claws extended. Punches flew at lightning speed. Mendial took her paw and they ran down the road. "Let's get out of here before shit gets real." Mendial looked over his shoulder as he pulled Amanda away from the trouble. Out of sight of the gangsters they stopped running. Amanda didn't recognize where she was, it didn't look like the American streets, it looked like the Mexico she had seen in postcards. Little stucco houses cobbled together with pieces of board, decorated with ceramic tiles and cast iron trinkets of historic scenes.
Mendial pointed at an old fox hanging up a load of steaming, freshly dyed fabric in her front yard. "The gangs take their job seriously, you know? If you step out of line they kidnap you and take you to a field somewhere and kill you. In exchange for helping keep the peace they get police protection and can do what they want. Drugs, prostituting cats and rabbits to tourists. Just don't go out alone here, is all I'm saying."
"I thought it was so friendly here."
"It is, if you're not a Cholo. We live with a common enemy here and that brings us together. Our police have it tought. They are not respected like in your country, you know? So they do extreme things to keep the peace."
Everywhere Amanda looked she saw crumbling buildings covered in old paint, newly dyed clothes hanging in old shop windows where the old burglar bars had rusted away. Fashion seemed to be an escape for the animals in Tijuana, a way to express identity and not just follow a trend. These were a once proud nation who wore elaborate dressed made from the colourful leaves and fronds nature provided. The remnants of better times still echoed throughout the city.
They arrived at the small club and Amanda bought herself and Mendial a coke. She sat against the wall watching the animals dance while Mendial chatted with his friends. Most of the males danced with their hats on, moving rigidly like they were riding a horse, while the females danced in a different pattern to the males, moving more fluidly, circling them. Another model from the shoot, Hernandez, pulled her to the dance-floor and Amanda let the alcohol and the music wash away the tiredness from the day's shoot. 
They danced for two songs and sat at the bar, and Hernandez flirted with her, or so Amanda thought, until Mendial leaned in to whisper in Hernandez' ear and they laughed and started making out next to her. Amanda watched them kiss for a while, accidentally put a hundred dollars on the counter as a tip instead of one, and left.
She found a small restaurant near the club, thinking that she would go back after a while, and sat alone near the window, watching the animals walk past, talking in rapid tones, seemingly always at the brink of an argument. Standing outside appeared to be the popular past-time for young males and females in Tijuana.
She asked the waitress to bring her a sample of a few dishes and after the waitress and the chef had a small argument her food arrived – little pots of guacamole and cheese and spicy beans, with tacos wrapped in tinfoil.
She sat eating a miniature tostada and saw a pack of Cholos walk into the restaurant, their leathery skin worn away in patches, covered in tattoos. She wiped guacamole from her mouth and looked them over. Skin-tight jeans, white shirts and gold jewellery the standard uniform of the Mexican gangster. They sat down next to her and the leader smiled and ran his fingers through his greased fur.
"Hey, nena, como estas?"
"I'm sorry, I don't understand Mexican." Amanda cautiously put down her food and looked around for the waitress. The gangsters howled with laughter. The leader leaned forward, his gold crucifix dangling in front of his white vest.
"It's not Mexican, little American. We speak Spanish. You like Latin wolves?"
"I'm not American. And yeah, they're okay. Not my type though." The gangster leaned back and hit himself in the chest, pretending to be shot in the heart. The other gangsters laughed at him. His gold teeth and broad smile mesmerized Amanda.
"What are you doing here in our Tijuana, nena?"
"My name's Amanda, actually, and I'm modelling for a magazine for a Tijuana designer. Maybe you know him? Ojeda." And Billabong, and DKNY, but I'll leave those out for now until I know what you think of foreigners. Amanda took a sip from her Dr. Pepper. It tasted like cough medicine.
"Ah, you mean Oh-ya-da," the wolf corrected her pronunciation. "A supermodel, hey." The other gangsters laughed. The leader of the gang straightened his shirt and leaned in. "You on the cover of a magazine, hey, little one?"
"As a matter of fact yes, you'll see it next month. What about you, what do you do?" Amanda leaned forward and stared straight into the gangster's eyes. He was a cocky male, but she didn't feel afraid.
"Sometimes I import. And sometimes I export."
"Are you a Cholo?" Amanda sipped her drink.
"Whoah, little nena, you be careful what you say here." He lifted his claws, rattling his gold bracelets.
"Sorry, someone said you guys were Cholos."
"Who exactly told you that?" The gangster reached over to take her drink and Amanda saw his tattoos up close, the numbers and codes on his arms betraying his jail-time. Amanda swallowed hard.
"Oh, just someone," Amanda chose her words carefully, "I don't remember who. I don't know what it means anyway."
"You keep it that way, okay? A nice little mouse like you doesn't go around with Cholos."
"Alright. I need to get back to my hotel soon or they'll call the police."
"Come on, stay and have a drink with us, mi corazon." He put his claws on his heart.
"I can't, I have to be up at 4 for a shoot. A mouse has got to work, you know?" 
"Not if she has a good husband, hey. But okay, little model, you have it your way. I see you on the magazine and I buy a copy, okay?"
"Yeah. You do that." Amanda smiled at them and left money on the counter. The gangsters, perhaps Cholos, perhaps some other gang, teased and pawed at each other as she left.
Amanda stopped outside the old crumbling shop where the old foxes were still dying clothes. One of the old foxes, her fur iridescent silver, dressed in a colourful dress, smiled at her and waved her inside. Amanda cautiously walked into the shop. Every inch of the walls were covered in colourful prints and patterned cloth. The old foxes, their paws covered in coloured dye, chatted with her while they worked, but Amanda didn't understand what they were trying to tell her, despite their colourful paw gestures. One of them, dressed in a red dress with a gold sun printed on the front, took Amanda's paws and showed her how to draw on pieces of fabric with a crayon. They dipped the fabric in steaming baths of hot, salty dye, melting the wax and leaving the design in a lighter shade. 
Amanda stayed with them for an hour, helping them decorate and dye fabric. Her paws emerging from the large tubs of hot dye in a rainbow of colours, her clothes spattered with colourful spots.
She left the old foxes despite their protests. Amanda's stomach did not feel too good, her supper was coming back to haunt her. She spent most of the next day on the toilet, thinking about Cholos and dyed fabrics and women who work until midnight every day.

~~~

Italy. Venaldi Vulcanelli. Ex model and stylist and brand ambassador for Italy's best designers. Magazines called him indecently wealthy, impossibly hot. As they sailed from the mooring his long dark mane fluttered in the breeze, blowing over his muscular, tanned shoulders. The five felines and one mouse stood around him and fanned themselves with their Gucci baseball hats and tried to get his attention. He was a real stallion living a real life, oozing a rich musky scent.
Amanda stood in line behind two other models who were waiting in line to have sex with him, standing naked with cocktails like thousand dollar hookers, except they wouldn't get paid. 
Whatever. Yachts baby, this is it. This is the dream, right here. I am bitch. I am whore. I am everything that you adore.
Before he finished with the model in front of Amanda he said, "You bitches get me a whiskey, I'm gonna take a piss." He stood naked on the edge of the yacht, letting out a loud belch as he peed off the edge, half of it raining back onto his boat and spraying one of the pups. She didn't complain, she laughed.
He has style and good looks and a tanned body and abs, who cares what comes out of his body, Amanda thought as she watched him move from feline to feline, taking them in whatever position he fancied. His abs were heaven, though probably not manufactured in a gym but developing naturally from his lifestyle, exercising on an endless supply of models standing in line on his yacht. 
Amanda lay naked on the front deck of the yacht with another model, another little oddball with a big nose and bony feet, not much older than sixteen. The model finished eating her candy bar, leaned over the side of the boat, and stuck two fingers down her throat to spew the calories into the ocean. Amanda looked away from the other model as she wiped her face on her towel and went back to tanning, as if what she had done was perfectly routine. Amanda heard a beep and pulled out her phone from her designer sporting bag.
"It's a message from Gareth, my mate," she said to the little oddball, "I haven't spoken to him in a long time."
"You going to answer?" The other model whose name Amanda couldn't remember asked as she lay back, sunning herself, tripping on cocaine and ecstasy and sparkling wine.
"He's a bit of a geek,"  Amanda said, catching the manly stride of Venaldi out of the corner of her eye as he walked towards them. Amanda deleted the message without reading it. 
Venaldi snapped his fingers at her. "Come here."
"Yachts are no place for geeks, you know?" She told the other model as she put away her phone. Even punk Viking geeks. Even sweet geeks who saved lives.
She did not want to feel guilty about having a good time, she put Gareth out of her mind. She downed her champagne and stood up, pushed one of the younger models out of the way and climbed onto Venaldi Vulcanelli's penis once more, holding her cigarette in one paw and the empty bottle of $200 champagne in the other.
Later at the hotel she phoned Gareth and told him about the yacht and waiting in line to fuck Venaldi Vulcanelli. His deadpan voice annoyed her. 
"Well, I hope you had fun," he said, no hint of concern in his voice.
"I did. I even kissed another pup. Just partying around you know."
"I know. Look, Amanda, I'm going to Essex next week for a shoot, it's for a gaming convention poster. I won't see you for a while."
"You don't care that I stood in line to fuck Venaldi Vulcanelli?"
"I don't know who that is. I gotta run, ok?"
"Look after yourself, Gareth. Don't let the promo kittens take advantage of..." She heard the click. No goodbyes. It was over.
Why didn't he fight for me like a real male? She thought as she went to stand in line again.
~
Amanda modelled for Clara Belle on stage at The Grand Palace in Las Vegas. She stood in a department store window wearing Lacy Myla Lingerie for four hours and was paid $2000 in poker chips. She cameo'd in a video for Swatch and did a beauty commercial for Olay and a racy music video for a young rapper who wore gold chains and had a rich dad.
Her Vegas life became a routine. She did shoots for brands she never wore and modelled at shows without asking who was paying the bills. Her youthful looks kept her in demand, after all, fashion bathed in the blood of virgins to stay young. Even though she seldom changed expression she made the feature article in Marie Claire as an 'upstart sultry model'. 
After each show she sat alone at the casino, playing on the poker machines and slot machines while sipping cocktails. Any second now, she thought.
"Hello." A tall rabbit with pure white fur, dressed in in a black tuxedo, stood next to her. 
"I already have a drink, thanks." The rabbit waved his paw and a business card appeared from nowhere, 'The Great Preston' printed on it in gold letters. She reached for the card but before she could take it the card disappeared in a flourish. She laughed. At least he was trying, most rich guys in America just assumed she was eager to party if they had cocaine.
"Is Great your first name, or The?" Amanda pulled out a cigarillo from her gold cigarette case and he lit it with his fingertip.
"It's Maurice. My parents hated me."
"I've been hit on by some smooth cats, but that is the corniest come-on I've ever had."
He gave her an exaggerated sad look, his ears drooping, his thick, dark eyebrows furrowing his face like a spanked puppy. He ran his fingers through his lush fur and adjusted his red tie. 
"I could make you disappear too."
"That's creepy. Don't ever use that line on a female again, ok?"
"I promise."
"I have to go." Amanda stood up.
"Wait. Look, I know who you are, Amanda Bailley, I think you're beautiful, and I support what you're doing. There are not many like you in fashion, not any come to think of it. But I think you're all alone here for a reason, though I can't figure it out. I bet you're more interesting than you look and I'm willing to gamble dinner on it."
"Does that line ever work?"
"I don't know yet," Maurice said. She took his elbow and he ushered her to a private booth at the casino restaurant where they talked until dawn.
~
The Great Preston kept trying to show her how everything worked and Amanda found herself yawning at him every time he explained where the cards were hidden, or how he used some gadget to do a trick.
On a particularly hot evening they stayed in his air-conditioned hotel room between shows to cool down. She lay on the bed half-reading a magazine she had picked up from a back-street shop in Milan while Preston practised a complicated card routine in front of the mirror.
"You showed me this card trick already, Maurice."
"No, I made a change, see, I move my paw behind my shirt this time. It's the subtleties that make this routine." Amanda ignored him and flipped through the specialist magazine to a picture of a bulimic-friendly meal, the photo of the teen in her underwear next to the food proving just how effective it was. Body by Ana, the advertorial said, written by Mia Jenkins.
"Aren't you sworn to secrecy or something?"
"Yes. But these little details make or break the illusion."
"Who cares?" Amanda flipped over the page and recognised her thin friend from the yacht, little oddballs were definitely in fashion this season, thanks to prime ad placement by Venaldi Vulcanelli Incorporated. 
"It's important." He pulled out a monogrammed pawkerchief and wiped sweat from under his toupee of thick white fur.
"No it isn't. Animals just want to see you cut a female in half. If you actually did it, if you actually committed murder on stage you would probably sell out half of Vegas by the next show. No one cares about your stupid card tricks except other magicians." Amanda saw the wedding ring wrapped around the card too late. "Oh. God."
Preston made the card disappear and slammed the door as he walked out. Everything was fake in Vegas, just like the fashion industry. No real magic, just animals telling you where to look while they set up the next trick. They were always one step ahead of the public. To Amanda, Maurice Preston was more like a mechanic than a magician, someone who wasted eight hours every fucking day practising things few animals cared about. Just another big nerd struggling to get laid in a town full of hookers.
~
The three months spent in Las Vegas felt like an eternity. She modelled for Marie Claire and Vogue and Elle and Playmate, and with every shoot she noticed a growing awe from the crew and from casual onlookers, inversely proportional to her growing ambivalence. She lost count of the flights, each town looking the same, each bar sporting the same bartender with the same tuxedo and the same tattoos. There were no original places any more, every place was a clone of every other place, a UK USA LA photocopy printed on recycled paper and watered down with reclaimed water. She seldom left her hotel room and when she did it was to sample the local food, not from the same fast-food outlets but from a back street or a market stall, where the real flavour hid, buried in the food only the locals ate. The endless test shoots, running around town for quickie jobs just so that photographers could meet her or see her tits, the endless hotel check-ins with the same questions every time, the endless scrambled tofu breakfasts that tasted like every other scrambled tofu breakfast everywhere, the endless life of getting high and going out and getting up early to work, became a blur.
The small animals stopped talking to her, only the director had that privilege, or the editor of the magazine, or a nervous stylist. Amanda had arrived, or, perhaps, departed.
The Amanda Bailley brand no longer paid for things. Hotels negotiated with her agent to give her the best room just to get an endorsement. Bell-hops were not allowed to talk with her. Make-up samples arrived at her apartment almost every week and lay forgotten in their boxes in the hallway. She did not even remember who paid for the apartment, if it was a gift, or something she bought on the spur of the moment. Amanda never really moved in. Airport check-ins upgraded her to first class without asking. Free magazines. Free clothes. So many gift baskets of fruit and chocolate and Champagne she could live off them. She would never need to buy another pair of shoes. She would never need to talk to another small person again. She would never need to change expression again. No one ever asked her to be anything other than a lost little mouse.
~
Amanda dated another mouse for a month, a quiet writer with a colostomy bag that vented off a shit-smell every forty minutes. They agreed to date just to get them both into the papers by causing a minor scandal. A creative collaboration between professionals. 
The writer had a perfect body and long, flowing fur, a beautiful mouse, but Amanda couldn't spend more than an hour with her because of the smell.
After the writer got published Amanda left her and dated a trans-gender talk-show personality who needed to raise his/her profile to get a better contract on a TV series. Amanda had no idea what pronoun to use when she talked about... them... and didn't really care. Amanda suspected that to the rich and famous sex was simply a marketing strategy, and public relationships were a good way to stay relevant.
One night when they were lying in bed, her partner lying in her arms while his/her firm breasts and soft penis touched Amanda at the same time, Amanda edged away. Danielle leaned in and rubbed her stomach.
"We should tell the media more details about how we make love. It could be good publicity for us." He/She farted and lifted the covers to smell it.
"I agree." Amanda rolled over and closed her eyes. "Any publicity is good. It's not what you fuck, it's who you fuck, you know?" 
"Well, fuck you! What do you know about it?" The trans-gender packed his things and left. He's a male, Amanda thought, definitely a male. A dude with boobs, and a camp one at that. Amanda didn't try to stop him, what was the point? Someone else would be along soon.
Maybe she'd make a sex tape while she was still beautiful, in case her career took a dive later when the wrinkles became untreatable. Or maybe not. Maybe she already had, but forgot about it. It didn't seem important.
~
Her life flipped over, a pop-up book of fabric and lights and males and females. Cocktails in Rio, signing contracts at London Fashion Week, Berlin Fashion Week. Every show was different, but underneath was the same flimsy scaffolding held up by young males and females desperate for attention. She no longer had relationships, she had partners. She felt the weight of depression pulling at her eyelids, the emptiness inside grew and replaced every part of her personality.
She fucked models and millionaires, signed contracts without reading them, and consulted on ranges of clothing she never saw manufactured. If they asked, she said yes. 
She spotted her mother at a fashion show in London and didn't say hello. 
She made a few superficial friends along the way, animals she could see regularly and share apartments with when they were in town. She changed friends when she needed to, everyone did in the fast lane, friends came and went with the season. They tried coke and ecstasy and little pink tablets with no name. Some drugs had pictures of lambs on them. Drugs for kids.
Threesomes in France, parties in Peru, Interviews in Italy, millionaires in Minsk, and dull, beating raves in Rio. Life became a distant blur, and the creature known as Amanda Lorraine Bailley disappeared. 
In place of her heart grew a pay-cheque, where her mind once raced a team of lawyers and agents consulted and made decisions for her. Amanda resigned herself to it. 
Let them do the work, that is what rats enjoy doing. No, that is all they can do with their ugly rat faces. They are just feeding off my success, those fucking bottom feeders. Fucking rats.
Her posse, her group of gods and goddesses, owned the high streets in every City. They worked 2 hours a day and clubbed till dawn and one Saturday coming out of the back exit of the McGreggor VIP Lounge in Cape Town they all spat on a homeless rat and laughed at him.
"Fucking rat. Get a fucking job."

~~~

The pre-season buyers show in LA attracted buyers two seasons in advance. This wasn't like the cheesy brand shows with fluff and feathers and amateurs hoping for a shot. Here, lives were bought and sold in the dirty boardrooms of the fabric industry, shipping containers filled with fleece and gold lamee and coruscated lace were routed and trucked and smuggled into cities. The big players who traded stocks and who traded models played here. The dealers bought for the buyers and the buyers sold to the big fish while the little fish got the scraps. A few good designs or faces here would go around the world and pay the salaries of an entire company for a year. Licensed copies and knock-offs alike lived in the same stores and no one knew who was stealing from whom. It didn't matter. 
As Amanda sat in her chair in her private dressing room, looking into the mirror surrounded by lights and photos and samples, she thought about how the fashion engine ran on the perfume of young pups and middle aged females trying to be young pups. 
There were so many diamond earrings hanging from sagging lobes in the front row Amanda first thought the photographers were starting early. The photographers, those glorified fucking paparazzi, stood in rows, waiting, checking their equipment. Vultures, here to lap up her perfection and sell it to magazines and stock photo websites and news agencies, just to pay the mortgage on their shitty rat apartments. 
Amanda peeked through the curtain at the runway. What a strange and magical strip of wood it was, animal's lives traded against fortunes, reputations bought and sold, worlds changed on that narrow strip. A good show could boost share prices. Models were traded between agencies like sports celebrities just like the clothes that were traded between giants. 
That strip. That teenage runway. That shaved crease. It was a cattle auction, but most of the cattle were thrown away after the show, left to go back to empty lives and back to a life struggling to make ends meet with the other rats. But not Amanda, she had bank. She had pizazz. She was all that. 
Amanda saw the shows as nothing more than youthful figures acting out the sexual process, emerging from a vagina to drip out into the crowd while the crowd lapped up the new and exciting sensations. The buyers and media in the audience were the sperm trying to find their way in, to create something new. The endless circle of fashion, youth, and beauty.
"Amanda, there's a guy on the phone for you. A Zenith something or other." Her assistant held out the cellphone. 
Amanda continued with her fur, "I can't talk. Get rid of him."
To Amanda, fashion was pure adolescent sex, forbidden love, the fountain of eternal youth. Everyone wanted it, and everyone wanted everyone else to know how much they hated it, how it exploited women, how it abused pups. But the game was the thing. It was so convoluted that no one knew what was real any more. No one knew right from wrong, that was a lawyer's job. 
Poor animals have the law, rich animals have lawyers. 
That's brilliant, she thought as she plucked her eyebrows with a precision set of tweezers, I should write that down for my autobiography.
No one knew how much money they had, that was a banker's job. As she applied her own make-up, not trusting any make-up artist to cover her fine wrinkles, she thought that no one knew who set the trend and who followed, it was all inbreeding and arrogance and an endless snake eating itself. The more animals complained about skinny models the skinnier they became. Nudity, Amanda reasoned as she painted her lips dusty pink, was illegal because clothes made money, if you wanted to see a beautiful naked feline you had to pay her more than she had paid for her clothes. But fashion played the game back on itself. Fashion was rebellion. This was where rich animals said fuck you to society and sleek and athletic females and males said fuck you back at their chubby judges.
An interchangeable assistant applied padding to Amanda's boobs before checking her fur. Outside the dressing room the director told each model what outfit must sell to what buyer, where everyone important was sitting out in the audience. Amanda stepped into the communal changing room to take her brief, enjoying the awkward and awe-filled stares from the younger models. 
Her target this evening was Oscar Dieter, a German buyer so influential he secretly owned several big retailers and traded his own stocks on the stock market. Completely illegal of course, to be an inside trader, but as long as money ended up in the right paws no one would care. Sometimes a trader would be exposed as an inside trader, just to maintain the illusion that the industry was policed. But there were no cops in the rag trade, just strategic arrests instigated by competitors.
Amanda sat back in the styling chair and listened as the fur-stylist talked about Dieter while rolling tinfoil around the tips of her fur. 
"Oh my, Oscar Dieter is here. Apparently his wife is a real bitch. They are definitely unhappy, I saw them arguing outside and it was ridiculously intense."
Ah, a gold nugget of information, Amanda thought, I can play on their relationship, fire a few subtle shots across the bows. Amanda plotted further, maybe I can spice up their marriage a little. Remind them what it's about. Grease the crease, grease the wallet.
Two minutes to exit. Wardrobe monkeys prepared the last touches on her accessories and stapled her outfit (Givenchy, $4500, custom made for Amanda Bailley) tight around her waist. Her dress, created by a team of designers, fit perfectly first time thanks to a mannequin they had made in her image. The dress was a magnificent feathered gown with a slit up to her hip. Real diamonds sparkled under the lights. Amanda put on stiletto heels so tall an untrained person would kill themselves walking on the high street. 
The director was saying something, Amanda surfaced from her cocaine buzz and tuned in.
"We have to get this one, Amanda, Oscar is biting for De La Rente, so show him extra class. He's front row left, fat guy. His wife is wearing a red dress." Ah, the quiet scream of subdued passion. Excellent, I can play on that. Amanda would only need 5 seconds to get his heart racing. It was her art. Her Zen. 
The lights dimmed, the music started and the first model was out, wearing just a casual tan coloured suit made from some boring Indian fabric. The boring front lines. Take all the initial judgement and prime the stage for the expensive pieces. Amanda was fourth. Prime position. The show would have settled and their full attention would be tuned to receive. The walking order here was based on psychology and market research and teams of statisticians with spreadsheets, not on who-goes-first childish bullshit. 
The director walked over and inspected the outfit. 
"This deal is worth 5 million dollars for us. Don't fuck it up." She walked over to the next model, clipboard cradled in her arms. 
"Well fuck you too, miss director of the universe, I know what I am doing," Amanda said to herself when the director was out of earshot. Amanda might shout at her later, but she didn't want to ruin her perfect make-up now. 
Three, two, one, go. The controller signalled her to walk. Amanda strode into the ocean of attention and bathed in the waves of camera flashes. 
What a rush. I am a rock star. I am Moses, parting the masses. No, I am God. 
She strode down to the front faster than usual, almost catching up to the third model.
"Out of my way, bitch, this is important," Amanda said through her teeth. The surprised kitten, a junior model from Russia, turned around and almost fell off the runway. She recovered and scrambled back to her place, leering at Amanda as she walked back. 
The other buyers along the sides didn't matter to Amanda, they were tourists waiting to see what the big fish bit before making up their minds. Five extra seconds with her client would work magic. A private show in public. Amanda had something special in mind for dear Oscar. 
What did you and your wife get up to? A little slap and tickle? A little rape and strangle? What was your thing, your sleaze? Everyone had a sleaze. Wifey was probably a well-fed uppity bitch from a rich family with no real manners. Give her something to bitch about. Give him what he can't get at home. Make him passionate. Amanda turned her head away from him as she walked down to the front. She picked a photographer standing behind a cheap camera and stared at him, timing her walk to the pulse of his camera flash so that her boobs would pop out the gossamer top as he took his shot. 
That shot will probably go around the world and buy you a new car, little tog. Don't thank me, it's my pleasure. 
She reached the front and turned her head, staring straight into Oscar Dieter's eyes, breaking the fourth wall, the ultimate high-fashion runway taboo. She stood for three seconds staring at Oscar Dieter and to the audience it seemed like an hour. She stood rock steady and stared straight at him without blinking. He slouched in his chair, embarrassed, a fattish cat in a casual suit suddenly the centre of attention. A cat bored with life. Him and his wife would have 2 perfect kittens in private school. A private life with luncheons and dinner parties. No struggle to survive. King rats.
Amanda turning her back on him and bent over. Right over. She could feel the surprise ripple through the crowd in a split second. She bent further, straining her back, and adjusted her shoes, Jimmy Fucking Chus, $897, one of a kind, made for her by Jimmy Fucking Chu. Heels as thin as a razor's edge, sterling silver buckles and leather straps made from a sacrificial calf. 
She slid her paws up her leg, up that majestic slit in that majestic dress. Hundreds of gold sequins caught the light and sparkled in the footlights and camera lights. She had his full attention. Everyone's attention. The perfect moment. Bent over, she pulled the dress aside and flashed him her pussy and backside and arsehole. The complete package. Cameras clicked wildly. This was new. This was naughty. Risqué. Amanda held her pose, blinded by the thousands of flashes going off. Amanda couldn't see Oscar Dieter's reaction with all the photographers trying to get the perfect picture of her perfect ass. She arched up in a well-trained pole-dancer move and twirled around on her stiletto. 
Thank you, dirty old rat in a flat, for teaching me that move, for paying me only if you got turned on. 
She could give a dying old rat a boner with that move. Oscar Dieter would be throbbing hard now, and when he got home he would fuck his wife so hard she would be paralysed from the waist down until dawn. And then she would make him breakfast and suck his dick. 
Don't thank me, Oscar, just settle the invoice in 90 days. 
Cue exit music by the band, fronted by some famous musician she might fuck later if he played his cards right. The other models walked off stage.
Show's over, dear Oscar, time to make you miss me. Amanda walked away, rolling her pelvis provocatively. She reached the stage exit, ran her fingers through her fur and blew him a kiss. More flashes from the paparazzi. 
Fuck, I'm a genius.
The director ran up to her. "What the fuck was that!" 
Yes, dear little thing, I was brilliant, you know it, say my name.
"You fucking cow! What were you thinking?" 
Oh, this cat is one of those. A clenched up failed model too scared of her own pussy to put it out into the world. Amanda looked into her eyes. "That, my dear, is how you make 5 million dollars."
"You fucking idiot!" Amanda was not expecting the slap through her face, smudging her $400 lipstick. 
Oh this bitch is going to get sued for everything she has.
The director rushed away while Amanda slid off her dress, the animals around her pretending not to notice her exposed breasts. Take a photo with your cellphone and I'll sue you for everything you have, bitches. Some had learned this lesson the hard way. Another model ran over, a gay muskrat, Robert something, they had done coke together a few times. 
"Amanda, are you insane? Did you know that Oscar Dieter's wife sued him for divorce two days ago? She was outed as a trans-gender stripper. She just stormed out the building. Don't you read the fucking paper?" 
Oh. 
Shit.
"Everyone's laughing at him. Do you understand? Fuck! We have some fires to put out." The male model rushed off to join the director, they would be begging investors not to leave them, not to close down the whole company. An old vulture in a suit was yelling at the director. Information would ripple up the chain of command. This was not going to end well. Amanda slapped at her face until the drugs finally wore off.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
She avoided everyone's stares as she walked out. She ran to the back room and hid next to the brooms and mops.

Work dwindled. Just like that. Amanda suspected she was blacklisted. There was an unofficial list of models that a model never wanted to get on, it wasn't written down so much as passed along from ear to ear, and it was almost impossible to get off that list. It carried politics and bitchiness, jealousy and finance, all mixed up in once place. Amanda's provocative statement had lost animals their jobs. Lots of animals. Parents complained, television shows cancelled their contracts. Thou shalt not expose the truth, the first commandment of the fashion industry. Though shalt not do porn, the second. Stay safe, stay in line, don't cause waves.
Amanda had pushed against the cage, but the cage always pushed back. She felt the phone buzz in her dress's secret pocket. She pulled it out, the caller ID showed Molly G's private number. 
Fuck. Amanda cancelled the call.

	Chapter 7

He was not there. Amanda stamped out her cigarette and climbed back in the cab.
"I'll just wait here for a while. He might come back." The cab driver pulled out a newspaper and sat picking his nose. She waited for half an hour, watching the house. A couple came out and argued with each other in the garden. They were definitely not Zen. Two small bicycles, one pink and one blue, leaned against the wooden fence. Where two perfect rose bushes once grew a rusty swing set stood. Two kids ran out of the garage and played in the yard with a small termite on a leash, ignoring the argument. Amanda would bet her last $5000 there would be a chihuahua in the back doing the dishes. A pink plastic chicken in the garden, something disgustingly cute.
She checked her watch, Timex Vintage series, $950. $950 For a watch, and now she would probably have to pawn it like some stupid lower class bimbo.
1 PM, I think I know where he is. She paid the cab driver and walked to the park in her designer heels, a bonus for one of her million dollar contracts years ago. How many miles had she walked since walking up that hill the first time, since Zen had jettisoned her into her life? Millions of miles. She had literally walked around the world, but the nett amount was zero because here she was again.
The park was full this Saturday, pups were chasing each other on bicycles, everyone had a mobile phone, even kids, their sheepish parents ignoring them, too busy on their own phones. When had that become the fashion? A couple lay reading a book, an old cat with a walking stick hobbled long and fed the ducks. Amanda walked around looking at the families, the couples holding paws, the old couple walking slowly along the path. Had it all been worth it, leaving her life behind? She sat down next to the old male on the bench. He was pretending to read a book about Caravaggio while eyeing a pup in a blue dress walking past.
"Perving over the pretty school-lambs, dirty old cat?"
Zen looked around in panic. Gotcha. His smile grew from deep inside and it warmed her.
"Jellybean! It's been a while."
"It has."
"You've been a busy mouse." Zen could see the change in her. Her styled and layered fur, the make-up applied without fault. But her tired eyes betrayed a heaviness in her soul.
"I have. A little too busy, which is why I'm here."
"Yes, I heard you fucked up something for De La Renta. Don't know the specifics. Not your brightest moment, I gather."
"How the fuck could you have heard about that? Never mind, you're everywhere, and I never said I was clever. Ever." Amanda sat back and lit a cigarette ignoring the house-cat's scornful look while she shepherded her kittens away from the dangerous smoke.
"I honestly thought I could seal the deal. Sex sells, you know. So I did a little stripper number on the catwalk. A show just for Oscar Dieter."
"Oh dear."
Amanda leaned back on the bench next to Zen, the ducks waddled away.
Zen cleared his throat. "You know his wife is trans-gender, right?"
"How does everyone know that except me? Anyway, how was I to know his wife or husband or whatever was a fucking stripper and suing him for divorce? Now he's the laughing stock of the industry. Needless to say he stormed out of the show, wouldn't speak to anyone for weeks. I got fired. Everyone at L'Amour got fired. Jesus, I fucked everything up. And I don't know what to do."
"And what do you want from me?"
"Help me." They stood up and walked along the path. Zen was older. He was walking a little more painfully, a little more cautiously. He carried a walking stick. Life, cruel crippler, Amanda's looming future. She wore extra make-up to cover the fine lines and blemishes on her face. Out damn spots. Payment for a life of sin. Amanda couldn't stomach the idea of surgery, but that would probably change when her animal magnetism waned. Still, she had time.
Zen's voice was thinner than she remembered. "I wonder, Amanda, are you at the dead end or can you resurrect yourself in a new guise?"
Amanda blinked a few times. "What?"
"You will need to change your look."
"But I don't want to change my look. I just need your help with the business side of things. I kind of signed a bunch of papers without reading them. I had an accountant, a lovely squirrel, but who knows where he is now. I'm sure I'm supposed to have money, I assumed other animals were looking after it."
"The world doesn't work that way."
"I know that now. But I just need your help to sort stuff out. There must be money squirrelled away somewhere."
"What happened with all your socialite friends?"
"I don't think I have any friends left. They tend to leave when they're the one paying for champagne."
"You will need to make a change, Amanda. Times have changed."
"I don't want to make too many changes."
"Jellybean, you will need to do exactly what I tell you. Not just for your sake, but for me. I need revenge."
"Revenge? Why? This is my thing. It's not personal."
"Revenge is always personal. I want revenge on life. On death. Art is a way to say 'fuck you' to death. A way for me to live on. Art is against the rules of nature. Art is our greatest crime. Or did you think all of this was all about you? Do you think Amanda Bailley is your personal creation?"
That voice. I will do whatever you want, master Zen. Does that make me weak? By giving you control am I losing value as a female? Or am I being a real female true to my nature?
"Okay." I can do that. A new make-up routine might hide the evidence of too many cigarettes and cocktails. And cocaine binges. But she had to lay down terms.
"Just a small change, nothing dramatic. I got pretty far with my look and I don't want to ruin the magic." She loved her look, three companies had invested over $12,000 in her fur alone. She loved the way it smelled, the way it fell lightly against her shoulders and turned heads. Every photo was an advertisement for her brand. She scratched at her lip. Her nails were perfectly manicured by Japanese rabbits with heavy gossip in their tongues and genius in their tiny paws. Except now she didn't have enough money to maintain her own look.
They walked to Zen's new home, a third storey apartment in a dirty old building. The paint was peeling. The plumbing creaked in the walls. He had become her dirty old rat after all. She followed him as he struggled his way up the stairs, no lifts for old lions with tight budgets. He lived in a small flat in the back of the building, filled with photos and paintings.
"Is this it? Why did you sell your lovely house?"
"The rent got outrageous, the owner lost his job so I had to move out."
"You were renting? What about all your things, that beautiful furniture?"
"Oh no, that was the owner's."
Amanda paused.
~
Dick Blumenthal, stylist to the stars, and more importantly, secret stylist to the stars, kept his opinions to himself. This pup had let herself go. Not in a fat way, that would be a catastrophe, but her fur and her skin had seen too many Martinis on yachts. Her nails had been chewed, her ankles were swollen, classic model feet, too large for her frame, built for endurance, not beauty. When Zen phoned and told him to bring his emergency kit and two extra bags of fur product he thought the lion was doing one of his usual jokes. But he was bloody right. Time to fix this broken vessel. This wretch. This pup. He pulled out a pair of earphones and put them on Amanda's ears. Zen closed her eyes with one paw and put his mouth against the stylist's ear. 
He murmured instructions. "Don't let her see until you're done or she'll fight you every step of the way. She's a celebrity, don't you know."
"Got it." They both rolled their eyes at each other.
"I've drawn some pictures. Follow them exactly. No artistic license this time. She is my masterpiece." Zen took Amanda's sunglasses from the top of her head and crushed them under his heel. 
"Hey!" Amanda gaped at him.
"Don't ever wear this crap like this again. You're not an idiot." Amanda sat still, eyes wide open, jaw hanging.
My word, he is such a bitch sometimes, Dick Blumenthal thought. He sighed and prepared his tools. This was going to be a tricky operation, the patient was getting a makeover against her will, sort of. But it was an emergency, and what needs to be done must be done. It was literally the law.
Bit of an odd relationship, really, Zen and the pup. She looked familiar, hadn't he given her a facial in London? It was not more odd than the situations he'd been in over the last ten years, but every situation had a story. Zen wasn't the type to speak, so Dick prepared mentally for a hard and boring night.
First, music, Beethoven's symphony number 7, 2nd movement. That could play in a loop without getting boring. The light in the tiny apartment was atrocious.
"Zen, put up a few of your lights, the soft-boxes, and close the curtains."

Fur product. $220. DuoEx Complex. Nasal trim. $5. Blick's. Now in the trash. Skin rejuvenation base. $8.50. Blumenthal Blue Note, thank you very much. Times two. More skin treatment. Trimmed everything. Fur on the floor, tissues in the bin. 
Zen whispered instructions while he worked. Dick wondered if Amanda would be physically violent if she saw what was happening. She seemed like a cornered animal with a broken paw, and animal Zen was trying to rescue. Models can be merciless, especially the ones who had learned how to use lawyers. 
Neck cream, five presidential wives swore by it. $33. Fur trimming. Eyebrow plucking. Neck shaving. Oh my gosh this pup is a mess, he thought. She has taken so many short-cuts with her beauty routine there is almost no path back home.
Midnight announced itself by ringing on Zen's antique clock. Rich pups all over town would be going out partying. Tomorrow they would call Dick Blumenthal, stylist to the rich bitches, in a panic. 
Please make me loveable again, please heal me, they would cry at him.
He carried on.
Amanda dozed and mostly ignored him. She looked depressed, her energy was low, her demeanour felt resigned to fate. Something had happened with this pup that warranted the extreme makeover. Dick pulled out his final secret, little injections of Botox and secret Whale-oil Petamines. Illegal for poor animals to use in 19 countries. A wrinkle disappeared. A frown line became a cute little scar. 6 Injections, six little miracles. The little mouse didn't even flinch. She had surrendered.
4am. Done. The exhausted stylist swirled her around to face the mirror and she opened her eyes.
"Fuck me," she said. Amanda Bailley had been killed for the second time. This was a different being rising from her ashes, something not quite real. A persona. Even her posture was different. Her short black raven's bob and minimalist dark make-up ran up her cheeks and overpowered Amanda's former self. She moved her head around, controlling the fall of her fur, feeling like she was looking out of someone else's eyes. Amanda, helpless to Zen's plan, threw her head back and laughed.
"Those bastards don't stand a chance." 
There was nothing of her sponsors left on her face. They were breaking all the commandments.
"Don't laugh again, you'll ruin it." Zen looked utterly serious. Amanda closed her mouth.

Amanda cashed in a few favours. She had modelled for free a few times to help out designers or agents, or sometimes just for fun, and now it was payback time. Two prominent businessmen in Italy who had fucked her at a party in a drunken haze owed her for her silence. Italian wives were notoriously litigious and the line between party and rape was sometimes a thin one when exposed to the media. The two men, investors in Italian fashion, ran one of the shows in Milan during fashion week. 

Amanda sent out press releases about a controversial show. She modelled with a troupe of models 1 foot taller than her, standing out by being the shortest. She strode down the runway with her sleek, black, raven's sweep of fur and no make-up, wearing a pair of tight yellow panties, gold sandals, and a t-shirt sewn by Amanda herself, the words Dwarf Cunt dazzling in rhinestones under the lights and camera flashes. Her tattoos snaked down her arms to her wrists, images of love and hate, angels and demons. They made the cover of alternative and tattoo magazines, and Rolling Stone. The other models in the show wore gothic clothing, Trekkie costumes, Japanese cosplay, Mexican Cholo styles, and computer nerd plaid shirts tucked into their beige pants, and glasses.
Photos of the brazen models appeared around the internet before the end of the show.
Amanda had insisted everyone in the audience be allowed to use their mobile phones to record the models and offered a free T-shirt to the best photo. 
It's amazing what animals will do for a free shirt, Amanda thought when one teenage pup's photo reached ten thousand likes.
~
Her posse of nerds and cosplayers and freaks and goths infested every subculture magazine, they nested in parks and studios and met in ever increasing numbers, all to dress up, to be original, to be someone else.
A week after her new debut in Milan Amanda Bailley, the short pup from a small town, was offered a spot on an American talk show, Late Night with Patrick O'Donnahey.
"Now, you've been causing quite a stir in the modelling world. I mean, you're not a typical model," Patrick O'Donnahey said as he leaned forward, brushing back his black fur tinged with grey. His grey suit and red socks showed he was a serious male with a fun side. Someone an audience could trust, the TV polls said.
Amanda crossed her legs and adjusted her black skirt over her black stockings, flashing her tattoos that ran all the way up her legs.
"I am 5 foot 6 inches. I am average height. I weigh an average amount. But that does not mean I am average." Amanda's voice stayed icy cool, it hinted of murder and dominance. "I am not a supermodel, but I am a model citizen." 
The audience laughed on cue.
"And has that been difficult for you, you know, to compete with taller models. Aren't there requirements to being on the runway, you know, height and such?"
"I will never be one of them, that's true, but why would I want to be? They will never reach my level, Patrick." 
The audience laughed again.
"Can anyone be a supermodel?"
"No. There are height requirements, that's true, but only if you're shit, or if you have a boring personality, or nothing to say. A model is more than a thing to hang clothes on. More than a combination of measurements. A model leads the way. A model is the distillation of the hopes of the animal kingdom. A model walks." Amanda adjusted her jacket and showed off her self-made shirt, the infamous rhinestone meme twinkled under the spotlights.
"Walks?"
"I did not evolve to stay down. I will walk until I reach the place I was destined to be."
"That's quite inspiring. What's it like to be the inspiration for millions of normal females around the world?"
"Well that's just the thing, Patrick, there is no normal female. We are all unique. And that's why I'm announcing my new range of clothes designed for the other female. The female not in fashion magazines and TV commercials. Ordinary sizes for beautifully ordinary animals. Clothes that actually fit the exceptionally average body, like my own."
"You're quite lovely you know." Patrick smiled and rested his paw on her arm. "Do you have a mate?"
Amanda lashed out at him with her black painted fingernails, hitting him in the chest with her claws unsheathed. "Get your fucking dirty paws off me, you fucking pervert. I am not your toy!" She yelled live on air. She stood up and stormed off the set. Instant viral media. Instant 9Gag and Reddit. Instant soundbite and news clip and teenage pup's Instagram gallery.
Amanda and Patrick O'Donnahey's rebel media strategy, planned a week earlier when they met in Milan, hit social media networks hard.
Publicity exploded around Amanda's new brand, ABC. Amanda Bailley, the crusader for the average, but unique, female. Defender of the second tier. Every female who felt she was held back because tall models received the lion's share of attention rallied behind Amanda Bailley's new brand. Housewives encouraged their pierced and tattoo'd daughters to be strong and independent, like Amanda Bailley.
"Don't become like me. Don't make the same mistakes I made," they would tell their daughters. "Be yourself as authentically as you can be." Like Amanda.
~
It was time for change. Animals campaigned, protests happened on universities. In Mexico a riot broke out and a pack of wolves stole, not TVs and appliances, but the clothes from Amanda Bailley's Mexican brand, Cholo. One news report showed a wolf dressed in skin-tight sheepskin pants and white shirt winking at the camera as he stole Amanda's latest dress from a mannequin and ran straight for the TV crew. The segment ended with a close-up of the numbers tatoo'd on his arm.
It was time for a new standard. Every women who had been groped and flirted with and made to feel like their heads were useless appendages applauded the iconic bravado of Amanda Bailley.
A group of little animals fuelled the media when they picketed outside a fashion show wearing Dwarf Cunt shirts. A rival group of little animals picketed them in protest, and a fist fight broke out on live TV.
Secretly sponsored by Amanda Bailley.
Photos were everywhere. Debates exploded and special features aired, TV shows interviewed short celebrities, and Amanda's brand grew, selling clothes with the words Short, and Stupid Pup, and Dwarf C in bold letters in America, and Dwarf Cunt in Asia where they had freedom of speech.
Be a rebel, embrace yourself, her campaign said. Keep it simple, stupid. As simple as ABC.
	Chapter 8

It was a little office. It had a little desk and a little computer with a little keyboard. Behind it sat a female, once just a cat-walk model, but now a female with power and punch, yet still a symbol of style. Her patterned blouse, Gautier, £180, was tightly buttoned. Her look could intimidate men and women, and she never let her guard down. 
Some said she was married to a famous oil tycoon. Others said she knew where certain bodies were buried.
Magazines scattered around her office showed off imperfect models, always posing with objects of desire. Perfume. Fur products. Things that evoked feelings of worth. A subtle psychology of value by association. The office shone, a perfectly polished gem in contrast to the dirt and chaos of the street outside. A glass award stood in a glass cabinet in the foyer. 
Amanda's secretary was busy taking calls and arranging bookings, turning down the overflow. Amanda had a meeting with a buyer later in the afternoon to renegotiate a percentage on her clothing range. They were not buying huge volumes yet, but the clothes were selling. 
She had been a busy bee. She used every minute of her time. 
Her outfit of the day, featured on her blog, included a stylish, patterned ABC belt made from recycled fashion magazines, highly sought after, £15. An affordable Amanda Bailley Création.
Amanda's secretary walked in, a tall, blonde pup fresh out of college.
"Amanda, your 2 o'clock is here. She looks a bit nervous."
"Take her some cookies, won't you? I need to get the red file." 
"I'll get the cinnamon twirls. She looks like a cinnamon twirl kind of pup." The intern winked at Amanda and walked out with the cookies. Amanda brushed her paw against the blonde mouse's back and she looked over her shoulder at Amanda as she left.
Photos lined Amanda's office from all the shoots and shows she had done over the years. How many photos had she appeared in, how many miles had her feet walked? Now she was setting the trend. She would lead them into a new era. 
In the reception area a pup of about 13 sat on the soft leather couch, eating a cinnamon twirl and paging through a magazine while her mother tapped away at her cellphone with two paws. Her mother wore similar earrings, sparkling in the warm light, little angels flying on their ears. The pup's rhinestone and magic marker printed t-shirt was a knock-off ABC design, but Amanda didn't concern herself with suing young pups. This pup's style showed a raw creativity, unbroken by teachers and adults. She was taller than most pups; she sat awkwardly on the couch, placing her paws first on her legs then at her side, and then back. Her mother and her were leaning away from each other. 
Ah, Conflict. This pup can go far, if she avoids the traps and the predators. Amanda smiled at them over her reading glasses and took the nervous pup's slightly wrinkled form. "Hello there, I'm Amanda. Follow me into my fiery den." The pup laughed nervously and followed. Amanda looked back over her shoulder while they walked and said, "I'm looking for models for a special project, maybe you can help." The pup had a natural grace in her, a fragility that made her float rather than bang her shoes into the ground like so many aspiring young models.
"If you get any more nervous you could very well take off and fly away."
"Sorry." 
"Oh, I get nervous too. It's like a drug." Amanda stopped at her desk and looked at the pup for a few seconds, causing her to blush and look away.
"Sit." The pup obeyed. Amanda sat down in her chair and placed the file on her desk. "This is my red file. It is for a very special show, one I've been planning all my life."
Just two years after Amanda's mistake she had employed every person who lost their job due to her stupidity. And many more along the way. And it was time for a very special show to catch a very special fish.
Amanda's company did it all, they sourced models, they arranged shows, and they displayed Amanda's own designs alongside the other big names on the catwalk she built. Her travelling modelling shows moved from mall to mall and were now getting attention from franchise investors. A freak show where animals could sit and judge models and clothes while dreaming of an impossible life. 
Animals loved something to photograph. Unlike most brands who tried to stay exclusive Amanda encouraged all photography. Bring your mobiles, your DSLRs, your micros. Be a fashion photographer for a day, her ads said. Every aspiring GWC showed up in the front lines shooting his roll at the normal looking models in sexy clothes. Every pup with two thousand friends on Facebook stood taking selfies with her jewel and sticker covered cellphone because these photos made you popular. These photos stood for something. Photograph it all and upload it everywhere, Amanda said, take selfies with all the models after the show. The best ten photos get free tickets to the next show. And animals did. And it grew. Amanda friended her fans on the internet and followed her followers, commenting on their comments. Everyone wanted to tag her. To tell the world they knew her. She was their friend.
"Tell me," Amanda looked down at the form, "Rebecca, are you available one month from now to lead the show for my new clothing range, Divine Spirit? It might be a little dangerous." The young pup grinned at Amanda, nothing excites a pup more than the possibility of narrowly escaping her shitty life. Amanda motioned to the pup to stay put in the hot seat while she dialled The Great Preston. Amanda put her feet up on the desk and pulled out her cellphone and started taking pictures of the awestruck pup.
"I'm going to upload this to our page and tell all the other animals who my new star is. Can I tag you, Rebecca?"
"Okay." The little mouse smiled through her braces and forgot about her nerves in an instant.
~
It was around this time that an old itch resurfaced. Amanda's lawyer phoned her at home at 6am.
"You up?"
"Um, yes, I am now. It's a bit early."
"Got a situation here. Do you know a mouse named James Jones?"
"Long time ago. Why?"
"He's selling naked photos and a sex-tape of you."
"Oh God." Amanda didn't know why it bothered her. There were naked photos of Amanda in many ad campaigns, but they were always tasteful, and no one ever saw the out-takes. Children looked up to her now. The images Jason had were intimate, possibly vulgar, she didn't quite remember when he took them and what they were doing at the time. Amanda was young then, she hadn't thought about the consequences of erotic images. It shouldn't matter, the human body should be adored, but in the world of wolves who tore apart every vulnerability, it did matter. Amanda had become an icon to teenage pups – if the media showed her as a slut it would knock back a lot of her followers, and their mothers, and dilute her message.
"So what do we do?"
"Settle out of court, or it will get expensive. I contacted your accountant and you're not liquid enough to pawdle this."
"So why is he suddenly able to defend himself?"
"Well, that's the thing. He has nothing, not even a car. No lawyer is going to touch this unless you foot the bill. And if they win, well, then they have to collect from James, and that will take a long time. So it might not happen."
"I don't understand. A mouse is selling naked photos of me and there's nothing I can do?"
"There's a lot you can do, if you have money."
"Fuck." 
Poor animals have the law, rich animals have lawyers. Gareth's words. He was so wise. Amanda finished her legal call, $82.20, and looked for Gareth's contact details. She found him online under his model name and sent him a message. He had a few public photos, photos of his wife, their two kids in adorable little black leather pants, and a lot of his modelling photos.
~
Dear Vincent Saviour
I hope that the winds of fortune and time have treated you with respect.
I need your help again. I am being held to ransom by a loathsome beast who is threatening to publish images of dubious virtue if I don't pay him. My lawyers say a lawsuit is inevitable.
What do I do?
Your eternal servant,
Amanda Bailley
~
She received a reply the next day.
Hey, weirdo. Nice to see things are going well for you, at least as well as attracting creeps, hey!
I don't know what to do about it, maybe remind him it's a crime to publish without consent?
As for lawyers, they just want to make a buck off you, so don't believe a word they say.
You'll work your magic ;) don't worry about it.
Vince.

Consent. Yes. Amanda had signed enough contracts in her life to know that she had rights by default, she had to sign them away explicitly. 
Magic. She definitely needed magic.
~
Preston speared an asparagus tip and dabbed it in the carrot jous.
"A female buying a male dinner," he said with his mouth full, "this is a first."
"I wanted to see you again. I was in the neighbourhood, saw you were in town, I took action." Amanda gestured at the waitress to stop pouring the wine. She had driven three hours to be in Preston's town.
"These days I don't turn down free dinners, even if the date obviously wants something." He winked at her, and cut a baby potato in two.
"Nothing carnal, I'm afraid. It's a business dinner."
"I knew it! You know, if I was 20 years younger I'd be offended. But, sadly, these days I date a pup just for her breakfast." Amanda spluttered in her wine and threw her napkin at him and laughed. The waitress walked around the table to pick up the fallen napkin and The Great Maurice Preston made a spoon appear in thin air to the young rabbit's amazement. "Fetch me a clean one, won't you, honey? My business colleague is paying, so bring me two crème-brulees and a glass of sherry. Hop hop." The waitress nodded and walked away smiling, twirling her fur as she walked away.
"She is so into you."
"Is she? Well then, I might have to dump you for a younger model."
"This is why I don't date any more," Amanda laughed and sipped her wine, Saxenburg Select Shiraz, $130. "Are you going to show the waitress some magic later?"
Preston chased a few peas in mint sauce around his plate, "I might give her a big tip if she plays her cards right." 
Amanda laughed, not from the wine. "You're such a corny asshole. No wonder pups like you."
"And why are you liking me temporarily? It's not for money, or I'd be buying you dinner."
"Touché. I need a favour. For a show. Something special."
"And what's in it for me?"
"You'll get to work with lots of pretty young models."
"Really? What will they be wearing?"
"Almost nothing."
"I'm in."
"Such an asshole. And thank you." Amanda watched him flirt with the waitress for ten more minutes, paid the bill and left him at the table to work his magic on the young pup.
~
How do you convince someone you've hurt not to hurt you back?
Amanda lay awake in her hotel room drinking wine and thinking about what would happen if her sex tape got out. Months of embarrassment, it would follow her everywhere, underline everything she said. Once you're online you're never offline. 
Amanda finished her bottle of wine and looked up Jason's number. "Hey. What's going on?"
"What do you mean?"
"The fucking sex tape. What the fuck, Jason?"
"Hey, well, it's worth money. So."
"Listen, can we meet, settle this without legal intervention?"
"You really think you're hot shit now, don't you? How many guys did you have to fuck to get there, huh?"
"Look, I understand you're hurt."
"I'm not hurt, honey, I just want what's mine."
"What do you mean?"
"I looked after you, I took you in, and you just fucking dumped me. I deserve some compensation, and I'm getting some."
"Jason, please, just meet me 8pm Saturday at La Stanza, it's a little restaurant in Portsmouth Street."
"I know where that is. If you want to end this, bring cash. I want fifty thousand dollars."
"Jason..."
"Goodbye, Amanda Bailley."
Why, why is he doing this? If he had just contacted me as a friend and asked for money I would have helped him out. Probably.

Saturday.
The restaurant was quiet, a few guests talked in low tones and played the game of trying to get the waiter's attention. Amanda sat in the back near the kitchen out of sight of any passing paparazzi.
Jay walked in twenty minutes late and did not greet her. He put his biker jacket on the table and sat down, took the gum he was chewing and put it on the side plate.
"Nice to see you haven't changed, Jay."
"You can call me Mr. Jones. Did you bring the money?"
"Jason. Can we talk, please?"
"I don't want to talk."
"What's going on, do you need money?"
"I don't need your fucking pity money. I want what's mine." Jason snapped his fingers at the passing waitress and said, "Beer," without waiting for a reply.
"So you want to humiliate me."
"I want what's mine. I deserve something for putting up with your shit, wasting a year of my life."
Yes, Amanda had used him when they dated. He had paid for drinks and food and tampons.
"How do I know you won't release the video anyway?" Amanda signalled the waiter to bring the menu.
Jason shrugged. "Don't waste my time." He pulled out a stick of gum and chewed it with his mouth open.
"Fine. I'll keep this quick. But first, Jason, I'd like you to meet a friend of mine." A tall bat dressed in black stood up from the table behind them, his face painted white, his ears pierced many times with shafts of black metal. He was a very tall bat, and his platform shoes made him half a foot taller.
"This is Soren. He doesn't speak much." Soren sat down next to Jason, blocking his exit.
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Jason leaned back and laughed at Amanda. "What are you going to do, cry me to death, emo pup?" Soren turned his head and stared straight into Jason's eyes. Soren didn't move a muscle.
The waitress poured Amanda wine and offered the bottle to the others. 
"Not for my friend here," Amanda gestured at Jason, "he doesn't want to have a bike accident on the way home."
"You fucking illuminati bitch." Jason eyed the beer he was about to take a sip from and pushed it away. "Fuck this shit. I'm outta here. See you in court." Jason stood up but Soren pushed him back down in his seat effortlessly. "Don't touch me, you old bat, I will fucking sue you."
Amanda smiled at the waitress. "We're fine for now, Julia." The waitress walked away.
"What a proud buck you've become, Jason."
"Fuck you."
"You see, Soren here, that's not his real name by the way, is a sociopath. He doesn't adjust well to other animals. His hobbies include horror movies, knife collecting, and playing a really intriguing style of violin music. He lives by his own rules, you see. Between you and me, he is quite insane, but one thing about Soren, one thing I admire and respect very much, is that Soren protects innocent animals from scum." Amanda winked at Soren and he smiled at her, revealing his teeth filed down to fangs.
"Innocent? Animals know where I am." Jason glanced from Amanda to Soren and back again.
"Do they, Jason? I'm quite sure you don't have any real friends. I, however, have amazingly loyal friends." Amanda blew Soren a kiss and he smiled again.
"Hello?" Jason snapped his fingers at the waitress. The waitress walked over. "Call the police, these wild animals are trying to kill me."
The waitress stood with her paw on her hip and looked at him. "I'm sorry sir, we don't serve garbage in this restaurant."
"You see, Jason," Amanda took a sip of her wine, "we are everywhere. The downtrodden. The oppressed. The abused. Every time you buy a packet of cigarettes, we are there serving you. Every time you swear at a waiter, we are there watching, bringing your food. Every person you insult and humiliate, they tell other animals. We find out. There is nothing you can do and there is nowhere you can go. We are everywhere. We are the alternatives and the outcasts and the minorities and the judged. And we will never, ever, let you bring us down."
Amanda leaned in and put her paw on top of Jason's paw, watching if he would flinch. He ran his other paw along his goatee and grimaced. "You sell your sex-tape if you want to. Honestly, I don't care. My naked ass is in every perfume ad in the country, and I'm proud of it. But you must decide if the consequences are worth the action. That is not a threat, that is the reality of the situation." Amanda took her paw off his and gestured at Soren to let him out. She had felt him tremble. She had him under control.

~~~

The month flew by and the planning for Amanda's show was running with ABC's usual clockwork. 
Every day Amanda woke early and finished half a day's work before most animals woke up. This left her with the afternoon free to help out wherever she could. Paint a backdrop, carry bags, or even scrub floors. Amanda was not scared of anything.
At rehearsal everyone knew exactly what they had to do, they were sent plans days in advance, last minute changes were banned, even by Amanda. 

***

Amanda paced around backstage, taking out a cigarette and putting it back into her purse. No smoking allowed. The world had changed so fast. 
Buyers were here. Big buyers. Amanda had cashed in almost all her favours and this show would be a risk.
Five designers walked models down the runway, showing off their new creations for the new season. Amanda had chosen them carefully not to be too flashy. To be formal and lull the crowd. Little did they know that Amanda Bailley was priming their subconscious, taking them up the long slope of a roller-coaster. The last model walked back and the last designer waved his thanks and disappeared into the wings.
Go time.
Lakme's Flower Duet played and in the front row where Mary Whitemore, the most ruthless buyer in Europe, said on live TV to the camera stationed in front of her, "Oh for fuck sakes, I hate opera."
Zen and The Great Preston worked together choreographing the finale. The young and pristine Rebecca, beautiful in layers of fairy-tale fabric and lace, flew above the crowd on invisible wires, sending waves of awe through the mass of buyers and reporters and celebrities as they photographed the scene. Bring your cameras, Amanda had told them, you will want to remember this. 
The four seasons played out on the runway, with trees and blossoms and matched colours. Amanda had designed her range to tie in closely with the seasons – oranges and earthtones in Autumn worn by middle-aged men and women, white lace in winter worn by models old enough to have grey fur but still be elegant, greens in spring on the children, and stylish blue and yellow sun-dresses worn by energetic young models to finish off the show. An obvious choice, perhaps, so obvious that no one remembered where fashion came from any more.
Amanda's target, Mary Whitemore, the most powerful buyer in Europe, sat frowning in the front row. Time magazine called Mary 'The Iron Fist of the Fashion Industry'. Some called her Lady Bathory, because she was rumoured to bathe in the blood of virgins. Mary Whitemore did not involve herself in designs and prints and other frivolous nonsense, her arena was the hardcore buying and selling that kept the wheels of fashion turning. She wore only black. She was notoriously cold hearted. Ruthless. Some said she had personally killed Gianni Versace over a contractual dispute.
Twenty seconds before the finale a little pup of five with pink ribbons in her fur ran up to Mary Whitemore, curtsied, and motioned her to lean forward. Mary could do nothing but obey while the little pup put a diamond tiara on the iron lady's head. Mary was powerless to resist and she sat still with her eyebrows raised, looking around at the media photographing her.
The models flew up and the audience gasped in surprise. Arching upwards above the runway in a smoky haze they flew, while flower petals rained from the roof, giving the illusion of flying up into the summer sky. The music died down and the models lowered to the front row, all except one, Rebecca, who flew above, moving in time to the distant ethereal music.
The models, in perfect unison, thanks to Zen's immaculate choreography, curtsied low at Mary Whitemore, the newly crowned Queen of the Fairies.
A concealed pipe sprayed an invisible wall of mist behind the models, reflecting a projection of sparkling and glowing fairy wings that appeared to grow out of the models as they stood up. Above Mary Whitemore, Rebecca, the beautiful fairy princess, flew up and vanished above Mary Whitemore in a cloud of glitter that fell over the Iron Fist. The glitter and the projection on to Mary Whitemore turned her black dress into a sparkling gown.
The cameras flashed without stopping and applause filled the room. Every beautiful, nubile celebrity wanted to take their photo with the Queen of the Fairies. 
The Iron Fist, the fashion bitch who had bought and sold more fashion lives than any other fabric merchant, sat and cried into her paws.
	Chapter 9

"The International Fashion Awards are widely regarded as the Oscars of the fashion world. This year the Lifetime Achievement Award will be presented to Amanda Bailley, CEO of ABC Fashion," the TV presenter announced.
The IFA, hosted in a giant arena in the middle of the city, attracted millions of viewers every year. A red carpet led up to the entrance, a tongue to swallow the beautiful beasts at the top of the food chain. The carpet was faded and torn in places, but a red carpet nonetheless. Every TV station and start-up news website sent a crew to lap at the cream of the industry. Reporters and photographers crowded around the red carpet, elbowing each other out the way, trying to get a ten second interview, or a photo of a celebrity's crotch as she emerged from a limousine.
Stars mingled with designers and forged working relationships in full view. TV crews who could afford the license fee to be on the other side of the rope roamed the red carpet, hunting celebrities, trying to pick up sound-bites that producers could match to a lucrative product placement. A media feeding-frenzy. 
Amanda and Zen exited their limousine. Photographers jostled to get a photo of Amanda as she adjusted her dress, mostly ignoring the grey-furred Zen in his black tuxedo.
Promo kittens stood on either side of the carpet, pawing out packages and samples from Chanel and Givenchy and Lagerfeld and anyone else who could afford the product placement. 
Products. Everything was for sale. Famous brands wearing famous brands created the illusion of happiness. Wear our things and you will be happy, you will be loved, their ads promised.
Promo kittens seldom reached success. It was work, but the work was not beauty, it was sales. They did not wear designer outfits, they wore their own tacky middle-shelf dresses from home. They wore too much make-up and never starved themselves to stay in shape. Promo kittens were technically models, but agents regarded them as the second tier, useful only because automated dispensers were more expensive. These models were too short for runway work, or their thighs were too muscular from dancing expressively rather than enduring the military training of ballet, or they had some feature that made clients page over to the next model in the endless search for indefinable and perfect sacrificial beauty. 
Sometimes the promo kittens were rejected for looking like an adult, the ultimate crime in the beauty industry.
Every few minutes the promo kittens returned to the supply table and picked up another armful of gift bags. They would try to strike up conversation with the celebrities but were ignored, or scolded by their boss who clumped around the promo table in heavy heels and false lashes.
Amanda could easily have been one of the side-lined models, left to the mercy of fate and time, but here she was, arriving.
Zen put out his elbow for her and she held on. He whispered, "Some of these animals look a bit out of place, don't you think? But you, you are radiant." Amanda kept her head held high for the cameras as they made their way up the red carpet. The red carpet, just another thing celebrities walked all over to get attention. 
A reporter stood in front of them, blocking their path. "Excuse me, Mz. Bailley, is this a Givenchy?"
"No, it's my own label, Divine Spirit, it will be coming out in stores next week." The reporter didn't miss a beat, she signalled the cameraman to go in for a portrait shot. Fuck the dress, words pushed products.
"What is your inspiration for Divine Spirit?" A sound-bite, easily trimmed and inserted into a news broadcast, next to a perfume, or if Amanda's agent was agreeable, an ad for Divine Spirit itself.
"Change," Amanda continued. "We all change, and we must let go of our past and embrace the new season."
"This fabric is delightful, what have you used?"
"I've used floral velvet impregnated with perfume, layered and contrasted with lighter fabrics to symbolise the triumph of youth." The reporter spotted another celebrity behind Amanda and turned to them to grab another sound-bite. Amanda and Zen walked on.
"That was rude."
"Oh, they're not here for us, jellybean, they're here to sell."
"I used to think the world was so different before I met you. Did I ever tell you I hate the name jellybean?" She poked him in the ribs.
"As if that would make me stop." He put his arm around her as they walked up the stairs, him helping her balance in her signature high heels, and her helping him up the stairs because he was getting old.
Amanda posed for the media, the cameras capturing her dramatic furstyle, the tips of her black bob elongated into crow's wings. She could hide or reveal her features, express emotion with the tilt of her head. A dragon tattoo climbed up the nape of her neck. She was the Anti Fashionista. Magazine editors published photos of her striking look and would publish whatever she said alongside to fill the space, because there was no one else to associate.
Amanda stood out, iconic and unique in a world of conformity. Photographers and videographers captured her transient perfection. Talk shows paid her money just to sit and talk. Investors paid her to maintain her face, her body, to be seen with their brands on her. They negotiated contracts for space on her body and she would oblige, applying whatever liquid, gel, or powder they wanted, if they paid in advance. The beauty products she wore were indeed brands, heated irons stamped on cattle in the stampede, and each one came with a sacrifice. Each one promised eternal youth. Hordes of hungry teenage pups desperately trying to be noticed by alpha males and females would copy and clone and dream of silly trinkets they couldn't afford yet. They would sell their souls in shitty jobs in fast food restaurants, dealing with endless shit from acne covered junior managers, just to scrape together enough money to buy the latest symbols of success. The latest sludge from China, wrapped in Italian plastic.
Amanda's current look was not available to the average teen. Blumenthal Brothers Immaculate Tiara, $44,000. TEC Idea One blush, $24 per dab. LaVie Rejuvenating Range from Paris, actually from a warehouse in Colorado, imported from a factory in Vietnam where relaxed legislation allowed unusual and sometimes cruel animal ingredients, $340 retail, $3.10 wholesale. A dragonskin pawbag encrusted with jewels from Xiu Xhan International, $12,000. Not a knock-off. Her eye-shadow, $58, barely fit inside the tiny bag.
An older promo kitten in a blue dress pawed out flowers and gift bags. She was a fully-grown female, but they called her a promo kitten, just another extra on the edge of the sea of talent, left behind in the sea of youth and beauty. Amanda thought that she had seen this model everywhere, on every side-line, at every party, an interchangeable but ultimately invisible hostess.
Young male models in identical tuxedos and earpieces coordinated everyone to their seats. Here on the red carpet young models shared the limelight with withered old businesswomen, feared by many, loved by no one, but for one night they would all be treated like divas.  The old would be young again in the fountain of youth. 
A male model in a tuxedo walked to Amanda. He carried a clipboard and wore a radio earpiece. Hello, sailor.
"Excuse me, Amanda Bailley?" Amanda nodded at the well-dressed eye candy. "You're in the golden tier, follow me." Zen gave Amanda a raised eyebrow and they suppressed smiles. Stay in character, Amanda, never break your cool. They followed the model down the corridor, and entered a room behind the benches. 
"Miss Bailley, you're in here for an interview," the tuxedo'd model said, "and then I'll be back to escort you to your seat. Sir," he nodded at Zen, "I'll escort you to your seat now." Zen followed him off down the corridor.
The door closed behind Amanda and she looked around. Only one other female stood in the room, an older female with a scar on her face. Tall Bitch stepped to Amanda's side and pressed something into her ribs. An awkward sensation, a prickle like a broken safety pin. The heavy make-up on Letitia's marred face covered a lifetime of struggle in a world where every flaw was set upon by media sharks, the remains eaten by hyenas in their blogs. 
Amanda grimaced at the uncomfortable pressure. She looked down at blood pouring between her fingers. More prodding with the knife, the pain rising now. Oh God, the pain. She felt faint. She tried to walk towards the door but her legs gave out and she collapsed onto the floor. She tried to crawl to the door but Letitia kicked her face and Amanda crumpled onto the cold tiles. A shout from outside. Letitia strode away, vanishing into the chaos outside. Amanda heard someone new run in and she tried to stay conscious, to call out. Her vision blurred. She made out a familiar face looking down and she felt familiar arms trying to pick her up, but they were too old and weak. He shouted for help, but the feeble old voice was covered by the roar of this season's events outside announcing the new range. 
Zen cradled her head and held her close. She felt his familiar beard next to her face, smelled his familiar scent, and whispered in his ear.